Better strap in! If you're familiar with Lauren Faust and her awesome amount of work, you should expect plenty! In DC Super Hero Girls (2019) there are plenty of awesome moments.

Also, Spoilers Off applies to Moments pages. You Have Been Warned!

#SweetJustice
Barbara pulling off an impressive Batman Gambit to get all the girls to reveal their powers. She didn’t predict Wonder Woman also getting sent to detention but the gambit still played out to her advantage.
The Detention Fight. Kara starts with a surprisingly good stance for someone who probably never had to learn how to fight. Diana dodges her with ease and is surprised when what should have been a crippling kick to Kara's thigh does nothing. When Kara finally gets a hit in, Diana blocks it perfectly. However, since it's Kara, she goes flying through three walls. A horrified Kara thinks she's killed her, but Diana pounces on her hitting her in the face repeatedly, breaking the floor. From there it turns into a brawl until Green Lantern ends it putting a giant spring between the two charging combatants.
When the principal starts to reenter the room, everybody tries to put the room ruined from the fight back together. Zatanna then casts a spell that instantly puts everything back the way it was so they wouldn't be put into even more trouble.
The Superhero Girls fighting the Amazons to get Wonder Woman back. They were clearly outmatched by the more experienced Amazons but they put up a good fight.
The battle against Lena's robot. Unlike the fight at 'Sweet Justice' (when the girls got on each other's way and caused plenty of collateral damage), this time the girls' teamwork is nigh-flawless, not just during the fight itself, but all of them contributing at making an effective battle plan.
Barbara building an impressive secret base underneath Sweet Justice by herself and without alerting the construction crew.
#SheMightBeGiant
Bumblebee using her small size to defeat the much bigger Giganta.
#FightAtTheMuseum
Major props have to be given to Catwoman, who spent the whole episode running circles around Supergirl, getting out completely unscathed, and eventually escaping from the entire Super Hero Girls’ team despite being outnumbered and surrounded. Not too shabby for someone with no superpowers.
#DCSuperHeroBoys
The two sides finally put their differences aside to take down Zod and his forces, pictured above. Wonder Woman's plan?
Wonder Woman: First order, we pair up. And then... we send these demons back from which they came!
Also, Hal has the humility to recognise that Wonder Woman is the better leader and takes the surprisingly pragmatic step of sending Steve off to get some doughnuts, allowing her to regain focus.
Garth/Aqualad being the one who finishes off Zod. He uses his hydrokinesis to create a giant dragon made of water that rams Zod back into the Phantom Zone!
#AllyCat
Seeing Catwoman take down a group of guards on her own.
Tearing out a page from the Book of Infinity so Lex doesn't see her double cross coming.
As well as give Lex some well deserved karma at the end by stealing all of his stuff from his penthouse.
Villain at the top of his game: With the power of fate and foresight, Lex Luthor puts on a song, tells Catwoman to enjoy the show, and dances his way to the refrigerator through the heroes trying to take him down before setting off a series of themed traps.
#LeagueOfShadows
The girls (along with Hal, Barry, and Garth) snap Supergirl out of Ra’s Al Ghul’s control with a combo of The Power of Friendship and the Power of Music!
For added awesome points: not only can the three Invincibros really sing, led by Hal (who casually clobbers a mind-controlled Supergirl on entry, mid-song), they're implied to be improvising the entire song that snaps Supergirl out of it - all while, under mind-control, she's trying to kill them, without dropping a beat.
#EnterNightSting
Karen calling out her friends for the way they treat her. And proceeds to roast each of them, except Diana. We have to wait until the next episode for that.
#Super Shorts
Catwoman vs. Cheetah, in "#PurseScratcher". It goes as well for Cheetah as it did for Supergirl.
