Fridge Logic for DC Super Hero Girls (2019).

Fridge Brilliance
The ones who come up with the name "Super Hero Girls" are Girl Scouts. In real life, this was one of the main groups the series partnered with.
Diana's unease around autonomous machinery and unmanned drones makes sense when one considers she had been spending her time in Metropolis among the park's tree tops hunting wild game where she could find it. Lex Luthor's unnecessarily creepy robots, which were modified and reprogrammed to be just as dangerous as they look by Lena, may have been the first unmanned motile machines Diana ever saw. They undoubtedly left a bad first impression on her if they were.
Pamela is very pale and has bags under her eyes, making her look almost corpse-like—since she's often shown eating just meat, she's likely suffering from malnutrition.
Zee's instructions to Kara on how to take care of her magical bunnies may seem funnily overbearing but it makes sense for two reasons: One, they're part of most her act so they have to be in the best shape. Two, they're magical rabbits, so while they might look like regular rabbits, they aren't. And thus have different requirements than regular ones.
Zee: These are magical rabbits, my dear. They might be a bit much for a children's birthday party.
Zee is furious that Kara dubbed her rabbits Merlin and Harry Houdini. Harry Houdini was an illusionist who debunked claims of the supernatural (particularly Phony Psychics). Naturally Zee, having actual magical powers (and a bit of an ego), would find it insulting to be compared to him.
Kara referred to Merlin as 'he', but didn’t call Harry Houdini a he.
Why is the series going out of its way to date itself? In the case of The Nintendo Switch it was because DC Super Hero Girls was about to have a game released exclusively on the console!
The series actually provides an explanation for why nobody (aside from Lois Lane) figured out the identities of any superhero in spite of their constant Clark Kenting: Garth, Barbara and Diana are all derided as "cosplayers" and if everybody mistook Zee's obviously real magic for fake tricks...
When Hal texts Superman for help in fighting a "ghost", he gets the response "Who dis?". Which makes perfect sense, if you consider that Superman's two chief weaknesses are Kryptonite, and supernatural powers, which he has no defense against.
While the events of "#FightAtTheMuseum" are a big lesson for Kara on why her Leeroy Jenkins' tendencies can be turned against her, the episode also shows the advantages of said approach. In the beginning, when the girls are facing Unskilled, but Strong monsters, Kara charging head-first against them, without any planning, doesn't just defeat the monsters but does it so fast that there's no real battle, and wins without any Collateral Damage. Considering Kara, In-Universe, is heavily criticized for being a Destructive Savior, it's obvious she'll favor this tactic; it's only when she's defeated by a Weak, but Skilled opponent, with massive collateral damage, that she is willing to try more complex strategies.
In the same episode, she was holding a large metal ball before it was attracted by a large magnet. That means that Kara was attracted to it too. Now remember, she's the girl of steel. What’s one property of steel again? Magnetic.
It seems weird that in "#DcSuperHeroBoys" Zod is after Superman, the son of Jor El, instead of Supergirl who is the daughter of the one who sent him to the phantom zone but then I realised that it wasn't the first time that Zod went to Earth and that Superman must have send him back to the phantom zone. He wasn't going after Kal el because he is the son of Jor El but because he is the reason he was imprisoned again.
"#HousePest" shows Diana in a Wakeup Makeup moment almost parodying the classic Disney Princess films, which makes sense, as she is technically a princess.
In the "#LostAndFound" short, Giganta reveals that her temper is due to a fear not to be good enough. Yet, whenever we see her parents, they are nothing but kind and supportive of her — perhaps even excessively so (e.g. ignoring her insults or praising her for getting an F+ instead of her usual F). Perhaps her parents just don't know how to help her better herself and overcompensate with displays of affection, and Giganta noticed and concluded that they gave up on her (whether it's true or not).
It seems strange that Diana is the only one on the team who doesn't find Leslie Willis's series of pranks funny, until one realizes that the scene they're all laughing at involved Garth, who even the compassionate Jessica Cruz was established to not yet respect at this point in time. The second example, Lois Lane, isn't exactly kind to Jessica Cruz or anyone of the Super Hero Girls either, except maybe Diana when Diana isn't in her civilian identity.
Diana is absolutely smitten with ice cream. Little wonder: it was actually invented by the Greeks, made with combining snow from high mountaintops with honey and crushed berry juices. Of course, it was an expensive treat, exclusively for the royalty and wealthy elites; as a humble warrior, if technically the princess of a remote island nation, she had probably never tasted such as dish before.
The belongings of Antiope and Diana being found by an archeologist when the items in question seem to be functional and the individuals in question are as healthy as ever seems strange at first. Then we meet Antiope and learn that she's more than irresponsible enough to neglect potential valuables. As for Diana? Well, it was a stuffed doll, and in the Rebirth comic books being published at the time of this show, young Diana had thrown a doll out after hearing Hippolyta's subjects were berating their queen for allowing the princess to sleep with a toy. Given how this show's Hippolyta is a lot less coddling than her Rebirth counterpart the doll was probably in Diana's possession for even less time here.
In #SuperWonderBatBeeZeeLanternMobile Zee complains about not being able to afford a car, which seems strange when one considers the Zataras are independently wealthy, if only recently so. The episode actually explains why during one of it's gags when Barbara Gordon hits a speed bump and makes a mess. Zee is wearing silk. That combined with other episode and short revelations that she's wearing some very high end footwear, reserves spots at luxury restaurants and is a regular at an exclusive salon suggests Zee really could afford to get a used car all on her own, but that's not actually where her heart is, despite Zee's vocal complaints.
Supergirl proves much harder for Wonder Woman to deal with the second time they fight, and while part of it is that Supergirl is using all of her super powers the second time due to Ra's Al Ghul's brainwashing, it's also because Diana regularly trains the other Super Hero Girls. Even though Supergirl may be the most thickheaded, least studious and slowest learner on the team, it shows that she has been learning all the same.
In #TheMinus, one bite from the "special" fruit from Themyscira has a much more dramatic affect on Barbara Gordon than being devoured whole by the warrior from Themysicra herself, Diana Prince. It becomes clear when they're running side by side. Diana has had a constant outlet to use the energy the fruit grants and may be at the point where she needs it just to keep going, while Barbara has been slacking off and stuffing herself with carbs. Barbara had a lot more energy for the fruit to unlock. Also, Diana is much bigger than Barbara, so it takes the fruit a lot less time to affect Barbara than Diana. Given Diana is a runt among amazons on this show, she probably never bothered with the fruit before hand because the benefit it granted her full grown peers likely seemed negligible, and her own maniacal behavior might have come from not taking her own body size into account.
Kara Danvers is the first and most vocal teammate against the "special" fruit, before they're shown to have any negative affects on anyone and indeed seem to be acting exactly how Diana said they would. Well after being exposed to three different kinds of kryptonite, two which were mind altering, Kara has kind of become the team expert on behavior changing substances that are best avoided.
It's shown that this version of Condiment King doesn't use real condiments as ammo, just ammo that resembles condiments. Someone who takes his work as seriously as Mitchell Mayo wouldn't waste real condiments.
Fridge Horror
Prior to meeting Diana, how many souls from innocent people did Katana take, thinking they were criminals?
Combined with Fridge Tearjerker: Let's suppose that Harley Quinn or Batgirl do kill the other... and then found out the other's identity. Let's just pray that, whatever their reaction would be (undoubtedly a heartbreaking one), they don't end up being Driven to Suicide.
Worse. What if Harley kills Batgirl... and she doesn't discover her secret identity? She may began to search everywhere in the city for Barbara, and maybe even Gotham. And considering that she set out to kill Robin for mocking Barbara... her best friend mysteriously disappearing and being in possible mortal danger may the "bad day" she needs to end up truly like the Joker.
Barbara casually states twice in "#SoulSisters (Part 1)" that she used to hide bodies in Gotham, the second time claiming that she "used to hide three bodies before breakfast". No points for guessing what kind of bodies she was talking about.
To make things worse, the first time, she simply says "I grew up in Gotham", implying that hiding corpses is a routine in Gotham City.
Unlike other cartoons, the Teen Titans are tweens here. So that means Cyborg was either his current age or even younger when his tragic accident occurred.
Same with Beast Boy's backstory- him nearly dying- and Raven's backstory- her father being the world-devouring demon Trigon.
Robin was easily threatened by Harley Quinn, what will happen to him if the Joker get his hands on him while Batman is away.
If this is the DC universe, is possible that other characters of DC Comics are around in this universe. So, does that mean that even dangerous or over-powerful creatures have a chance to show up? And I am not talking about good guys like Blue Beetle or Plastic Man. What if Darksaid, Nekron or Anti-monitor Show up? Or worse: Parallax??!? I don't think the girls or their allies are ready to face them, it will be *very* bad for Earth if my theory has even the minimal chance of being something
Let alone the God-like beings, even very dangerous and heinous criminals could show up: Like Black Mask or Jonathan Crane/The Scarecrow, Killer Croc or Professor Hugo Strange. Batgirl and company will have a very bad time in their hands
Given the nature of the show, i really do not think they will add those guys, too many dark and near-impossible to beat villains chances to kick the heroes's rear. If they do, well, they will surely make them Lighter and Softer or turn their powers to a more reachable level for our heroines, or will create a Laughably Evil or Adaptational Wimp version of them.
Babs mentions Darkseid and Scsrecrow in one of the shorts, so we do know they exist in this continuity.
A few threats of the heroes are still on the loose such as Cheetah, Ra's Al Ghul, Hath-Set, Casey Krinsky, or who knows what possible threats that they or any number of others are still vowing revenge on the Super Hero Girls.
Unlike Barbara and Harleen, none of the Super Hero Girls or Super Villain Girls know one of another’s identities except for Jessica and Carol. However, Jessica and Pam are friends except that none of them even known each others heroic or crimes.
In "#Dinner For Five", Rose mentions Slade promised not to try to kill her friends anynore. This not only means he attempted to do so before, but we don't know why or if they were superheroes. As far as we know, those friends were civilizsns who might have accidentally uncovered his identity. Through the fact that Rose merely says he "attempted" ho kill them and that she is more annoyed than worried implies that, at the very least, they escaped with their lives (presumably by Rose convincing him to spare them, since she knows of these incidents).
Fridge Sadness
Casey Krinsky was driven by self-loathing and a desperate desire to escape from her lonely, friendless life. Her bad actions ultimately left her even worse off than before. She’s likely all alone and miserable. The fact that we never see her again after all her plans failed implies she fell back into her lonely distress and maybe even did something drastic to herself.
Now that Lex has publicly revealed himself as a villain, imagine how his parents will react once they realize that their son is a criminal.
