There are a lot of funny moments in DC Super Hero Girls (2019).

Episodes
Season 1
    #SweetJustice 
After the less than impressed look on the other's faces when Barbara proposes they form a team, Wonder Woman comes to her aid and gives a Rousing Speech while clasping Barbara beside her. The blissed-out look on Barbara's face is priceless!
And before that, when Wonder Woman and Kara are fighting, while everyone else is visibly worried, Batgirl just looks at them with awe, even forming hearts in her eyes.
During their fight, Wonder Woman is throwing DVDs at Kara while standing in front of a poster that says "Learn 2 Love".
When Zee casually tells the other girls that the teacher is coming backnote , Kara repeatedly slams half of a bookcase on top of the other half trying to fix it.
When Wonder Woman is getting everyone to introduce themselves, Barbara goes into a rambling spiel about who she is and what she does while trying to fish her costume out of her backpack. It takes about a minute before the Amazon finally blurts out "You lack focus" and walks to the next heroine.
To help Wonder Woman/Diana Prince fit in, the team starts at a clothing store. Everyone, except Zee, bombards her with their favorite clothes, and the result is... well, a hodgepodge.
Zee: Are you done tormenting this poor girl?
Diana is also introduced to the cellphone by Barbara, with a demonstration on why it's a teenager's best friend, leaving her dazed.
Jessica tries to explain figures of speech to Diana.
Jessica: For instance, if you were hungry you would say; "I would kill for a burrito." Go on, you try.
Diana: [takes a breathe, shows confidence... then races towards the Burrito vendor] I would kill you for a burrito! [The vendor runs away in terror. Diana chases him waving a handful of cash] Accept my payment or die!
Diana is introduced to teen romance movies, with the girls showing her one called Just Before Dusk.
Diana: Teenage males are very confusing.
All her friends who are already used to seeing boys every day: Tell me about it.
Well, not all of them react. Kara was snoring away. The contrast between Kara, who's the only one asleep, Diana, who just stares at the screen confused, and the rest of the girls, who are completely invested, is worth a chuckle.
Diana ends up slashing the screen due to misunderstanding some dialogue.
When everyone is at Sweet Justice, Diana tries ice cream for the first time and is instantly aroused by it. She then proceeds to eat her ice cream very sloppily, and then promptly eats everyone else's dessert as well. Jessica pushes hers towards Diana, not wanting to get in her way. She ends up entering an ice cream coma.
Karen: Uh, Diana...? [pokes her]
Diana: [immediately jolts awake] SISTERS! This food is more delectable than ambrosia! This place more perfect than Elysium! I declare we must celebrate every future victory here and thus! (Beat)
Barbara: [cheerfully] Sweet Justice for the win!
Diana: [equally cheerfully] I do not know what that means!
Diana meets a cute boy (Barry Allen) and we find that you shouldn't learn romance from watching chick-flicks.
Diana: It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance. I shall await your text message in three day's time!
"Diana will have the Death by Chocolate." [Diana holds a mace in the frame before Zee pushes it off with her finger] "Figure of speech, Diana."
"Huzzah! Let us earn more chocolate!"
During the fight against the Demolition Bots, Zatanna blasts one out of existence, prompting her to showboat that nothing can get past her... as a bot rolls right behind her.
Barbara shutting the door for Karen as she keeps opening it to apologize.
Barbara gives a dramatic Rousing Speech to bring the team back together... over the cell phone.
Barbara: Hello?
Kara: Yeah, you cut out there. Could you repeat all that?
Barbara: (groan, headdesk)
When Batgirl reveals to Diana (being dragged home by her mom) that her friends came to save her...only to see that they were immediately caught by the Amazons and are being dragged around by their ears like little kids.note 
And then Supergirl's realization a second later.
Supergirl: Oh, wait. (punches the Amazon out of sight until a microscopic splash is seen)
During the fight against the Amazons, the two sides repeatedly stop and continue at Diana and Hippolyta’s commands until they get too confused to go on. Supergirl and one Amazon paused during an arm-wrestling match and Supergirl pins her opponent while she awaits orders.
Meanwhile, another is having a Wimp Fight with Zatanna.
After Diana stands up to her mother and gives an excited squee to the other girls, they are shown to be injured and give her a halfhearted "yay".
All the ways the Big Bad with a giant Mecha can taunt the superheroes, how often ever is it with neeners?
Just Lena's plan in general; she's sick of all the fun teenagers have, so she has Lex's VR goggles trap them mentally and have children rule Metropolis.
Supergirl: That's the dumbest plan I've ever heard.
Lena: You're the dumbest plan I've ever heard!
When Batgirl's modifying the amp they use to defeat the robot army, she draws an 11 at the end of the dial.
While at Sweet Justice, the team talks about how glad they are that everything is back to normal. Babs randomly stands on one knee on the table and says "Blegh, normal is overrated" and drinks her shake, to the confusion of her friends.
The way she then reveals the secret hideout is exaggeratedly extra and hilarious.
    #AdventuresInBunnysitting 
Zee leaves her two bunnies with Kara and asks where she can put them. The latter says anywhere since her room is a mess. Cue Zee using her magic to clean the room while laying some ground rules. She does the same thing at the episode's end.
She also takes the time to turn a random background poster into a poster of herself.
She also sent her a long text telling her everything she ended up having to tell her anyway.note  And Kara's only response is "whatevs".
Right before she leaves, Zee remembers one important rule:
Zee: This is the most important rule of all! [sudden closeup on her face] You are not, under any circumstances, to put these two together. Do you understand?
Kara: [beat] Whatevs.
Zee: [immediately goes cheerful again] Ahhh, thank you, Kara!
Then she actually leaves, leaving Kara alone with the bunnies. One glance at each of them later and she immediately goes all lovey-dovey on them.
A majority of the humor in this episode comes from Nicole Sullivan gushing over how cute the bunnies are.
Kara leaves the room for a second to get carrots and comes back to the rabbits innocently hugging suddenly with three small baby rabbits sitting near them.
Kara: Harry Houdini! [overjoyed] You're a MOM!
A double layered example is with Supergirl's line "Time to take out the adorable trash" line, due to succumbing to her adorable tendencies again, and much like how Rainbow Dash also said it. Both episodes also share the same writer.
Zee's not happy after seeing that Supergirl broke "the only rule that matters".
Zee: I told you to keep them apart!
Supergirl: I did! I totally did, for like, at least ten minutes! [cuts to Zee's unconvinced face] Five... [cut again] Three minutes, I... [cut again, then Kara sinks down into the sea of bunnies] One minute.
After hearing that Supergirl had renamed her rabbits from Blackberry Hazel von Owsla III and Dandelion Pipkin de Hyzenthlay to Merlin and Harry Houdini, Zee's furious.
Zee: Harry WHAT?! How dare you! Those rabbits are purebred magical creatures with carefully selected names! They are not to be mentioned in the same breath as MERLIN AND HARRY HOUDINI!!
Supergirl: My names are way better than yours!
Zee: NEVERMIND!
Zee tries casting a spell to stop the bunny-waves. It doesn't work. It really doesn't work. The resulting blob monster eats Supergirl, and her last words as this happens? Not exactly sorry.
Supergirl: (plumetting into the creature's maw) I'm sorry I broke your stupid ruuuuuuul*CHOMP*
After everything that's happened, Supergirl actually hesitates to separate the two bunnies, seeing that they still love each other. Zatanna is not amused.
    #HateTriangle 
Hal sees his "greatest enemy" come off the bus from the Hamsters' rival team and points her out to Jess.
Jessica: What? Behind the cheerleader?
Hal: It is the cheerleader!
And she turns into a violent Pink Lantern and starts attacking the field, pining for him.
Jessica: What's going on, who is this girl?
Hal: She's called Star Sapphire! And she's super clingy.
Jessica: I can see that! Is she some super, evil, maniacal, space princess or something?
Hal: Worse! She's...my ex-girlfriend.
Hearing how Hal broke up with Star Sapphire/Carol.
Star Sapphire: WORST. TEXT. EVER!!
Green Lantern: Wait! [stops the lantern force hamster ball, smacking Hal's face] You broke up with her over TEXT?!
Hal: I put a smiley face in it! I'm not the Joker.
Star Sapphire: Now there's a frowny face on my heart!
He then proceeds to run on foot while being berated by both girls.
Green Lantern doesn't believe in violence but is still disgusted enough with Hal to repeatedly slap him upside the head anyway.
While finding someplace safe for Hal to hide from Carol, Green Lantern (carrying Hal bridal-style) eventually manage to hide out in the boys' locker room—after arriving there, it turns out there's a bunch of guys already in there (all of whom are undressed/in their underwear). There's a Beat before one of the guys in the locker points out at Jess, screaming "Girl!" and he and all the guys (minus Hal and, as it later turns out, Garth) run away.
Green Lantern's He Is Not My Boyfriend moment concerning Hal. She repeatedly says "no" for about ten seconds straight, going from confused to hysterical to disgusted.
Star Sapphire and Green Lantern bond over dissing Hal.
Green Lantern: The only book he's ever read is a playbook.
Star Sapphire: I tried to get him to read Pride and Prejudice once and he asked where the pictures were!
Green Lantern: He's a smelly, freakish nincompoop.
Hal: Hey Star, hit her!
Jessica eventually talks Carol down by convincing her that Hal isn't good enough for her and that she needs to learn to love herself. Carol initially agrees...then declares that she'll make Hal good enough for her one day.
Jessica makes Garth take off his clothes and puts them on Hal, to try to make him less attractive to Carol. Hal pretends to act like a "loser-y nerd" in front of Carol, angering Garth.
And it still doesn't work. Instead, Carol just becomes more attracted to him.
    #BurritoBucket 
Babs eventually decides to call the Flash in to deal with the robbers. When she gets back to the bank, he's managed to get taken hostage as well. Somehow.
The Flash: I'm just as confused as you are.
Babs takes the robbers' car keys, so they resort to more theft, pointing out that Babs did take their car keys, so it's not like they were going to go anywhere.
    #MeetTheCheetah 
Barbi poses dramatically with the cheetah idol and recites the incantation to invoke the Curse of the Cheetah while suspenseful music plays in the background. Then the music cuts out and there's an awkward pause as nothing happens. Extra amusing is Barbi trying to get the idol to work by shaking it (while still holding the dramatic pose) before angrily throwing it down.
After Karen says that she doesn't know how to dance, Diana tells her not to worry, "...for I possess dance moves that are rich with fleek! You are welcome to study them!"
When the girls stumble upon the torn up dance flyers and posters, Kara tries to joke about it with puns and pisses off Jessica.
Jessica: KARA!!!
Barbara proves to be as much as a detective as her idol when she figures out who attacked Diana - and then goes full Motor Mouth when explaining everything. Even funnier since this is the first DC cartoon to handle Cheetah's origin story before Wonder Woman 1984's release.
The girls' Angels Pose is interrupted by Cheetah slashing out the power lines to blackout the school. Cue all the girls looking briefly flabbergasted.
Wonder Woman: We have much territory to cover. Let us split ourselves!
[beat, with eye shifts]
Supergirl: ...Split up.
Wonder Woman: Yes! That!
There's a certain irony in the Green Lantern initially lighting the library with a candle construct.
    #Beeline 
The Villains' Dramatic Entrance is spoiled by Harley's capering. There is much facepalming behind her.
Karen's attempts to alert her team about Harley Quinn's plan to blow up the bridge don't go as planned:
Diana still doesn't know how to use a cellphone, accidentally ending their call short.
Kara is too busy rocking at the Lazarus Pit to even hear her. Karen is also accidentally tossed out via stage surfing.
She goes to Barbara at her job, who subtly reminds Karen of the line of people she accidentally skipped. A little while later, she finally makes it... only to find Barbara on break, though she did leave her something.
As Karen walks out with two buckets of burritos, she notices Jessica protesting against the Burrito Bucket. She does get her to listen, but she misinterprets everything, thinking Karen's coming up with new protest slogans. She then proceeds to chase after a man holding a bucket of burritos.
Karen finally gets the message out to the only hero left: Zee. After a full-blown Motor Mouth explanation, Zee heroically claims that the two of them will take the villains down. ...As soon as she finds her cape. In her currently messy room. Karen understandably flies away in frustration.
What's sillier about this is Zee's specifically used magic to automatically clean up messy rooms more than once in earlier episodes...but the show's silly enough that it doesn't matter even if you think of that.
The team's Big Damn Heroes moment has a little levity.
Zatanna: [as she flies across the frame] Found my caaaape~! Oh, and I found these guys too!
Oh, and there's the reason Harley's even blowing up the bridge in the first place.
Harley: Try giving me that math test now, Mr. Johnson! He's gonna be stuck in traffic all day! (cue Evil Laugh)
    #SuperWho? 
Supergirl and Superman (who's more of a Smug Super Glory Seeker in this setting) start brawling due to her getting sick of being constantly upstaged. It's quite impressive... until it devolves into an airborne Wimp Fight.
    #ShockItToMe 
The various memes Leslie made in the start of the first half, especially "#RISEOFSTARRO".
During the montage of Livewire humiliating the girls, she takes control of Batgirl's scooter and chases her down the street with it, then takes control of Bumblebee's suit and forces her to dance.
Special mention to Livewire literally kicking Green Lantern's butt, and also making it chibified, to which Jessica can only look in shock.
Livewire: [showing Green Lantern's aforementioned butt-kicking] Look, everyone! We found the cause of greenhouse gases!
[Green Lantern reacts accordingly]
    #SheMightBeGiant 
Karen stuffing herself in a locker, saving Doris and Leslie the trouble.
Barbara being Karen's hype woman as she presents her new suit, doing drumrolls and fanfares.
Zee and Jessica were not able to help Karen with her suit due to their schedules: For Zee, it was doing a magic show with her father. For Jessica, it was protesting against the use of animals in said show. Zee delightfully says that they can share a cab.
Diana mastering the "mechanical staircase" (escalator).
But she doesn't realize that "nerd stuff" isn't supposed to be flattering.
What sets off Doris' transformation into Giganta is the condescending sports store employee offering her pink five-pound weights.
Batgirl's eyes puffing out when Giganta grabs her, complete with a dog toy squeaking.
After getting Giganta dizzy by flying around her, Bumblebee finishes her off by finger flicking her off the second floor, sending her crashing through the mall floor...and several parking lot levels.
    #FightAtTheMuseum 
Supergirl ignoring Wonder Woman's plans to simply go Leeroy Jenkins on the threat they are facing. Eventually, the others just give up and wait for her to do all the work before deciding to hit up Sweet Justice.
Supergirl: Time's up! Let's do this! SUPEERGIIIRRLL!
Basically, she's just uppercutting bad guys into starpoint.
"Here, kitty, kitty..." "Here, dummy, dummy..."
Catwoman slashes the lines holding a model of the Earth, making them fall on Supergirl. She proceeds to do this to the other planets... and then she comes across Pluto.
Catwoman: Pluto, planet or no... ah, who cares! [slashes it]
"The family resemblance is uncanny..."
For bonus points, Supergirl's forehead knits into that of a Neanderthal's.
Voice-distorting gasses aren't supposed to work on Supergirl, but just for the sake of the funny, she gets a helium-voice and then a sulfur-hexafluoride voice during the chase.
Supergirl succeeds getting her phone within reach by using her brain! ...And then gets beaned in the face by it. Cue Skyward Scream.
Supergirl: Why does pain hurt so much? How do people live like this?!
    #FromBatToWorse 
Barbara intercepting a call from Batman to her dad. She styles her hair to look like his and uses a comb for a mustache to help sell the impersonation. Over the phone.
    #CrushingIt 
In general, Diana's crush on Steve Trevor renders her a lovestruck dum-dum for most of the episode.
Diana: [dreamily] That's crazy, Steve! I like vanilla too!
A majority of the humor in this episode comes from Diana Prince, Princess of the Amazons, being flustered by a boy. The nauseatingly silly love song that recurs is the cherry on top.
Jessica: The Amazons prepared her for everything... except talking to boys.
Face it, this entire episode is one crowning moment after the other. Though, the icing in the cake has to be Kara slapping the daylights out of Diana while imploring that she's "LITERALLY a symbol of female empowerment!"
Monday: Diana completely dominates the volleyball game, with the girls saying that there is practically nothing that can stop her... then Steve walks in. Diana just keeps staring as she "attempts" to play, resulting in her getting hit in the face with the ball.
Kara: Way to jinx it, Karen!
Steve was actually the first boy Diana saw when she first arrived on the World of Man. She says that their initial meeting was "quite congenial"... as she's shown getting flustered and falling down.
Babs and Kara have a discussion on whether Steve counts as Kryptonite, due to Kara saying that it's actually very painful, unlike Steve who's relatively harmless, which goes on throughout the episode. As they discuss, Diana is seen in the background trying to catch the rolling volleyballs. When she slips, the balls bounce off her and one of them nails her square in the face.
Tuesday: The debate. The subject: whether toilet paper should be used in the over or under position. Jess is confident that she and Diana have this in the reusable bag. Turns out Steve was in the debate too. Her look as she realizes what's going to happen is priceless!
Steve: Well, gee, I guess I don't really have strong opinions on how you hang your toilet paper. If you're an "over" kind of guy, who am I to judge? But if you're an "under" dude, well, you know, that's okay, too.
Diana: [after clapping and giggling dopely] Oh, Steve, I have never heard such eloquence. You are so smart! Is he not smart, everyone? [long beat, then in a calm voice] I concede. [Jessica's jaw drops]
Wednesday: The science fair with Karen, studying the Philosopher's Stone. Steve walks by. The result: a chemical explosion, but Diana doesn't seem to care.
Thursday: Diana leading the school's marching band. Steve on a bicycle shows up. She keeps following him with the rest of the band behind her, street after street. Barbara's response: A soft ding! on her glockenspiel where, judging by her expression of absolute rage, she wants an expletive to be.
Friday: Zee's "directing debut" in Romeo and Juliet, with Karen as the stage manager and Diana playing Juliet. Oliver, the Romeo, quits and Garth, the understudy, is out sick, which leaves Steve as under-understudy. Pretty sure you know the rest. Zee's request makes it even better!
Zee: Remind me to banish Garth to the 27th dimension. [Karen, looking angry herself, nods in agreement]
To emphasize the disaster, when Steve goes as far as to kiss her, Diana got SO flustered, her head morphs into an exploding volcano!!
Even before this, Steve just reads directly off the script, making him sound hilariously wooden.
And Zee really just went all out to dress up as le directeur, only missing a megaphone, a riding crop, and the chair with her name stenciled on it.
Saturday: The team tried to take Diana to different places, but everywhere they go, Steve is there. After seeing Diana so lovestruck, even after they try to get her mind off Steve, the rest of team realize Diana isn't going to get over him, so for her sake, Barbara says that they need to "take him out." Everyone else immediately agrees.
Sunday: Supergirl, Green Lantern, Bumblebee, and Zatanna prepare to strike at Steve as he's walking... until he gets a phone call from the military academy he applied to, who told him that he got in after all. Pan over to Batgirl on her computer.
Batgirl: What? I took him out... by hacking into the military academy and getting him accepted. What were you guys gonna do?
Before they strike, Green Lantern hides in a recycling bin construct.
Not only that, but pacifist Green Lantern is prepared to knock Steve out with a mace. That's right, she wouldn't beat up Star Sapphire when she was setting the football field on fire, but she would gladly beat the stuffing out of her best friend's crush without question.
    #MisgivingTree 
They briefly go WALL•E on us with a dialogue-less sequence where Pamela Isely navigates around her sandwich, getting the bread out of the way because it was plant material once, giving the lettuce its final rites... and then eating the ham like an animal.
One of the ways Jess tries to befriend Pam is using the "Roses are red, violets are blue" poem, which angers her since that's what they say, but it just isn't true.
Pam decides to step out of her shell and join Jess in protecting an ancient tree... though she's quickly put off by the latter's protest songs. Upon realizing that the construction crew is arriving in the morning she moves to the other side. Then at night, she finally cracks after hearing Jess sing her version of the "Star-Spangled Banner".
Though the tree was not saved, the two did find a seed it left for them. As they plant it, Jess says, "I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship." Pam tells her not to go there yet.
    #GothamCon 
Babs and Harleen skipping & dancing happily across Gotham City — which is just as much a crime-infected eyesore as ever — in a joyful musical sequence. A SWAT team the girls pass start dancing along, and Babs and Harleen even pose with homicide-scene chalk outlines which also dance!
Harleen is so furious when Robin humiliates Barbara that she attacks him as Harley Quinn, only for Batgirl to stop her in spite of herself:
Harley: Robbie-boy's got what for comin', and I'm gonna give it to him!
Batgirl: Well that sounds awesome, but I'm gonna stop you anyway!
Harley's various attempts to kill Robin, including disguising a grenade as a microphone (with Batgirl putting the pin back in time), putting a dynamite stick on a hot dog (which Batgirl douses with condiments) and pushing Robin in front of a crowd rushing to a booth of rare collectibles.
Batgirl and Harley Quinn are playing Grenade Hot Potato with a bomb, and the latter has the idea to stow it in the bank safe exhibit. Until she notices it's from a heist done by her idol, the Joker, and opts to not risk damaging the safe.
Harley: [Aside Glance] Some days you just can't get rid of a bomb!
Harley, having come to the assumption that Babs is a Robin fan, gets an autograph for her... by cornering Robin in an alley, threatening him with her sledgehammer and shouting, "SIGN IT! SIGN IT NOW!!"
    #DCSuperHeroBoys 
Green Lantern uses a binoculars construct hung on her neck, and then Batgirl subjects her to that old gag of "borrowing the binoculars without asking and letting the owner remove it first". And the binoculars don't disappear while Green Lanterns's neck is getting pulled at, until Batgirl's done with them and lets go.
Batgirl is overjoyed to tears at seeing the Metropolis slums because it looks just like her hometown of Gotham.
Green Arrow recognizes Zatanna as Zee, his Sitcom Arch-Nemesis, due to seeing her act so "bland and overly dramatic". He then removes his mask to expose himself as Oliver Queen as dramatic music plays... which comes to a complete halt as she says that she has absolutely no idea who he is.
Oliver: Seriously? How can you not remember me?!
Zee: What? Batgirl is Barbara Gordon?!
When he acts "bland and overly dramatic" a couple of moments later, Zee snarks that she remembers now.
When Supergirl uses her x-ray vision to identify Garth as Aqualad, he asks how she could tell it was him. Humorously, the fact that his costume, which is only gloves and an "A" shaped belt buckle added to his civilian clothes, doesn't actually cover his face has nothing to do with it. It was because, much to his irritation, his mother writes his name on the inside of his clothes.
Steve Trevor returns, and so does Wonder Woman's love trance, which persists throughout the episode.
While the two teams are racing to the site of the next graffiti tagging Diana manages to keep up with Hawkman, which carrying Steve with him. Diana insists that there is nothing Hawman can do to stop her, so he throws Steve at her. When she catches him, she's naturally immobilized.
Hal manages to snap her out of it by sending Steve for donuts.
After Steve has left, she starts recovering by slowly lurching back up with her hair in front of her face, like a Stringy-Haired Ghost Girl from Japanese horror movies.
In the end, when everyone is eating donuts atop a skyscraper, Wonder Woman falls off due to admiring Steve so much. Supergirl carries her back up a moment later.
Also the position Hawkman is in. Like a real hawk.
Aqualad's attempt to slow Supergirl down involve him manipulating water from his bottle and sending it her way. She evaporates it in under a second.
Supergirl tries calling Superman so he can join the fight against Zod. But apparently, this is not the first time she's told him General Zod has appeared, so he hangs up.
Zatanna and Green Arrow distract Non with a magic show, with the classic arrows-in-box trick. When Green Arrow reveals that he is not, in fact, hurt at all, he's actually disappointed in this, causing Zatanna to try to stick an arrow in him for some gore.
Batgirl just roasts "Ursula" and her fashion sense, as the former rides on the Flash. This actually works.
Zatanna's method of incapacitating Non with Kryptonite: using the "What Have We Ear?" trick.
    #Frenemies 
Just as the girls were about to send Starro away from their world, Batgirl gets a phone call from Harleen. She's takes the chance to let go of Starro and walk away, saying she has time. There's a brief moment of relization from Starro before he gives chase to the other girls, while Batgirl just keeps talking in the foreground.
The situation is reversed in Part 2 with Harley walking off and talking to Babs just as she was about to smash the heroes, who were tied by Wonder Woman's Lasso of Truth. As Catwoman objects, the rope falls off and the fight continues on as Harley just keeps talking in the foreground.
Babs initially wants to show Harleen the hideout. The rest of the Super Hero Girls (not knowing that she's Harley Quinn, just that she's annoying) try to suggest that they can't because there...aren't enough chairs. Cue Kara immediately leaping into the air and destroying all the chairs with her heat vision.
Immediately afterward, Babs uses the Lasso of Truth to get them to tell her what they really think. They all admit that they think Harleen is the worst, and Kara says possibly the most elaborately brutally honest thing...except she's the only one who wasn't actually roped by the lasso.
And when they all realize this, she immediately tries to throw the lasso over herself in an attempt to save face.
Barbara tries to storm out of the hideout, but can't climb up the slide. Karen walks up to help her, but Zee holds her back, as if to say "This Is Something She's Got to Do Herself."
When the villains offer Harleen the chance to knock over mailboxes, she has a better idea: blow up the post office.
Harleen: And THAT's how ya smash a mailbox!
The beginning of Part 2 starts with a villain crime spree.
They come across a museum where everyone is using they powers to deface or smash things. While Poison Ivy is seen knocking over a vase without her plant powers. Harley Quinn also blows up a statue using a giant bomb.
After that, they open all the cages in the zoo, letting all the animals run rampant, which includes a shot of Harley Quinn happily riding a camel.
Then comes the Mid-Spree Lunch Break, where they all dine in a fancy restaurant. They have some completely idle and normal conversations about Harley's life back in Gotham City, asking her questions like what they call fizzy drinks and drinking fountains over in Gotham...and then go to wrecking the restaurant.
Zee's reaction to seeing the villains running the streets and being called nerds along with her friends at Sweet Justice? "Check, Please!"
When the police suddenly arrive, the Super Villain Girls decide to cheese it by getting in their getaway car, which Giganta then lifts up and runs away with.
    #SoulSisters 
The group decided to see the movie Exploding Ninja Pirates from Outer Space 4 because of having something for everyone. A good story for Jess, special effects for Karen, costume design for Zee, action for Kara, and Babs doesn't care what they see as long as she can sneak in as many burritos as her bag can carry.
Barbara: [cuddling her bag and kissing it] Soon, my pretties... sooooooooon...
Tatsu's introduction to the other girls includes her hair blowing in a Dramatic Wind... and only hers. The others stare around her as if to say, "Where's that wind coming from?"
As Diana is sparring Tatsu, she notices her down in the dumps and says this in an O.O.C. Is Serious Business sort of way:
Diana: Is something wrong, Tatsu? You have not punched me in the face once!
Later at the end of their conversation:
Tatsu: I am glad for your friendship, Diana Prince.
Diana: And I glad for yours... Now let us try most vigorously to injure one another!
When the girls find Catwoman with her soul taken and try to get her body to a safe place:
Batgirl: Oh, so you need to hide a body? No problem! I grew up in Gotham. Besides, it's just one measly body—
Then the girls find Harley, who was in the middle of writing "Batman drools" graffiti on a wall when her soul was taken; she only got to "Batman droo".
Green Lantern is concerned about hiding the supervillains' bodies in her car, then immediately turns to reprimand Supergirl for drawing a smiley face on Catwoman using Zatanna's lipstick.
As Supergirl drags the soulless Catwoman and Harley into Jessica's van, Babs says that at least they only have to deal with two bodies. Then suddenly, a soulless Giganta falls on top of the van, crushing it.
Zatanna: I'm... detecting a pattern.
The Running Gag of Karen saying "Now what?", adding another "Now" each time.
When the soulless Star Sapphire is sitting at Babs's vanity, Supergirl uses hair spray to style her hair into Goku-esque spikes.
After the girls arrive to Babs' house with the soulless villains, Green Lantern realizes she left Poison Ivy on the roof of the van (which she had to recreate with her ring). She retrieves Ivy, and then activates the alarm on the van (despite it being a ring construct).
As she runs, rather than the usual foley, you can hear Stock Sound Effects of running that sound straight out of the old Hanna-Barbera cartoons.
Later, the noise of teeth chattering also sounds just like it came from those same cartoons.
And also, when Diana kicks Tatsu away, she flies back in slow motion and with the sound-effect rhythm that both came from the old Bionic Woman (and related) series.
To keep her father from getting suspicious, Babs rigs the villains with pulleys so that it looks like they're all having a slumber party and giving each other makeovers.
Diana clearly still has trouble using her phone. When she calls Tatsu from the library, it starts playing very loud music, as well as calling for information and giving directions.
When Diana and Tatsu start fighting, the librarian shushes them and points to a sign reading "NO LOUD FIGHTING". The two point out the absurdity of the sign. After the below line, rather than leave the library to fight, they simply try to fight quietly.
Librarian: [shrugging] It's Metropolis. It's the best we can hope for.
The titles of the books that Tatsu hurls at Diana — who frantically catches and reshelves each one — are: (1) GOOD CATCH! A Book About Catching Stuff, (2) KNOW YOUR OPPONENT YOU THOUGHT YOU KNEW, (3) The Odyssey, (4) B-BAM! A Memoir, (5) THE ART OF DISTRACTION FOR EVERY OCCASION By Luke Aup ("look up" or "look out").
In trying to stop a bust from crashing down, they end up knocking down the book shelf, which in turn knocks over all the other shelves. They get thrown out and apologize before resuming the fight.
After everyone's souls are returned, the girls awake to find the villains still covered in make-up.
Supergirl: So...
Catwoman: [beat] Let Us Never Speak of This Again.
Supergirl Works for me.
Batgirl: Uh-huh! Great idea!
Giganta: Yup, yup, great call.
Star Sapphire: [regarding the spiked hairdo Kara gave her] Ooh, I don't hate this.
Catwoman: [facepalming] Ugh.
    #RageCat 
Dex-Starr briefly being distracted by a cat toy, and Jessica's bemused reaction.
    #BackInAFlash 
Babs convinces Barry to take her back in time to spare herself the humiliation of farting in public, with predictable results. When they get back to the present and see what's happened, Babs immediately accuses Barry of causing it by putting an extra exclamation point on a birthday card, rather than the extensive meddling she herself has done in the past. Barry, being the Nice Guy that he is, takes full responsibility.
Upon going back in time yet again and erasing the extra exclamation point, they find out the Bad Present is even worse.
Barbara goes back in time to the original time travel point, only to find two armies of her future selves there. One side wants to make sure the fart happens while the other wants to prevent Babs from restoring the original timeline, leading to an all-out brawl. Naturally of their respective Barrys are there watching the whole thing and get along just fine with each other.
    #PowerSurge 
After Supergirl is presumed dead after a fight against Livewire, Clark texts her, asking, "U DED?" When Supergirl replies, "no", Clark texts a thumbs up in response.
As the others watch the news about Supergirl on TV, a heavily singed Kara walks behind them to the fridge to get a soda. They are so busy mourning her apparent death that they don't notice she's there until she sits down on the sofa next to them, then instantly crowd her with a group hug.
Requesting that Zee give her a new costume style that says "super teen", Kara is first given various outfits of every "type" of high-school girl (hipster, goth, sports, nerd, marching band, prom queen, cheerleader) before they get to the Mythology Gag set.
    #ScrambledEggs 
This episode centers around Mr. Chapin assigning different pairs to take care of their egg. Hijinks will ensue.
Diana and Karen were the first to go, accidentally dropping their egg after coming up with a plan. Probably the funniest part is Karen's reaction, a subdued "...crud."
Tatsu and Leslie were next, after the latter tricked the former into shaking her hand. And this was after Tatsu gloated that she has a chance to beat Diana as valedictorian.
Pamela and Jessica being paired resulted in the latter talking about how fun it's gonna be doing the assignment, just the two of them. Pamela quickly eats the egg... raw... shell and all.
Barry and Carter had the former thinking it would be easy with Carter being Hawkman and can just sit on the egg. Of course, not...
Kara and Harleen are forced to work together or risk summer school. They grudgingly agree, deciding to buy protection for the egg at the Fed-Ex expy... not realizing that they left it there. And from the start, those two turn out to be not so different at all, in contrast to their previous episode interaction.
Hal and Selina, much to Carol's obvious dismay. Selina gets annoyed with Hal's sexism and breaks the egg on his shirt.
Barbara and Garth. Even after Garth asked Babs not to take their egg on a joyride to make sure it stays uncracked, Batgirl just couldn't resist. And guess what happened to it.
Carol (who was supposed to have Doris as her partner, but she skipped class "as usual") ends up enlisting her egg, which she named Hal Jordan Jr., to Hal, who accidentally uses it for his protein shake.
Carol's reactions when Mr. Chapin declares that she's destined to be alone.
Zee and Oliver spend the whole episode arguing Like an Old Married Couple, up to and including Zee boiling the egg as her means of "sharing custody".
Everyone sulks outside of Sweet Justice, wondering how they were going to take their failing grades... but then Kara and Harleen's egg was revealed to still be intact, resulting in everyone fighting for a passing grade. Long story short, only one person managed to get the egg in the end: Pam. The next day, she's shown eating an egg sandwich.
Before Pam got the egg, the last person to get it was Garth, who immediately got what must be the most epic Oh, Crap! moment in the series as all the others came at him like a rampaging stampede.
The real teacher, after discovering what the assignment was, is actually not happy with it, calling the egg assignment overused and outdated, so she ended up dropping it... and doing a new assignment involving hamsters, with the same pairs as last time. Everyone can only think "Here We Go Again!..."
Barbara notes how handy it is that Garth has a baby carrier to keep the egg safe. Garth laughs awkwardly and agrees that it's great that his mom kept all his old baby stuff. In his room. For him to use. Instead of getting new stuff.
Harleen convinces Kara to steal another egg so they don't fail the project and end up in summer school. When it comes time for Kara to actually steal the egg, her morals kick in.
Kara: I can't steal. There has to be another way. [beat, then pushes Harleen in front of her] Like you doing it.
Harleen: Okay!
    #DramaQueen 
Oliver's way of sabotaging Mortimer Drake's audition: using his arrow to trick him into reading the lyrics of a pop song.
During the play, Mortimer goes off script, revealing himself as the Cavalier. He uses this opportunity to reveal to Zee that he was the same kid that she unintentionally upstaged back in the 5th grade. But Zee proves that she does indeed "meet so many people" by showing that, like Oliver and Green Arrow, she has no idea who he is.
Zee initially wanted to pull down the curtains, thinking the play is ruined... until the audience applauds, at which point she raises the curtains, saying that the play is a triumph.
In the end, the two bond over their shared antagonization of Zee. While she's literally standing right there.
    #Retreat 
Aqualad getting nommed by a giant plant monster mid-boast.
Hal is turned into a plant-zombie, rendering him immune to Babs's attacks... but he's still Hal.
Hal Zombie: Make me a saaaaanwich...
At the end, everyone's driving away from the camp (Jessica still oblivious to Pam having tried to kill them all). Then Jess remembers they left Hal back in the cabin.
    #DinnerForFive 
Slade's sheer over-the-top jerkassery, starting with pretentious snobbery and staying there, matched with his sheer intensity.
It borders on being a Jump Scare, but when the secret's out between them and conflict is imminent, Barbara looks away from Slade for a moment and suddenly he's in the chair in full "Deathstroke" gear.
The reveal that Rose knows her dad's an international assassin, and treats his and Babs trying to kill each other as an annoying "overprotective dad" moment. He promised he wouldn't kill any of her friends again!
    #LivingTheNightmare 
Bruce has written a book on nightmares. As Batman. And the cover has him as Batman dressed in a smoking jacket.
Diana’s nightmare is being dog piled by teddy bears.
Kara’s nightmare in the beginning is being swarmed by roaches. When we come back to it while Zee’s chasing the dream demon, we get the brief shot of Kara running through the desert chased by a cowboy roach riding a bigger roach ready to lasso her. Dreams rarely make sense.
    #TweenTitans 
Babs seems to hate Bruce Wayne's reality show "Make It Wayne", and Karen asks confusedly why she watches it. Babs claims she doesn't...except for the poor sweet little orphan Dick Grayson.
Jess attempts to connect with little preteen Raven. This is the result:
Raven: (appearing suddenly behind her) In the dark realm of Azarath, my babysitter was a deceitful eight-legged spider gorgon.
Jess: ...Okay! Enough bonding; who likes party games?
Robin takes the opportunity to swing the piñata bat at the other Titans. It surprises Beast Boy, Starfire, and Raven, but Cyborg excitedly shouts "Do me! Do me!" before the group dissolves into a Big Ball of Violence.
Raven and Jess, again:
Jess: First, we've got to clean up this mess; right, kids?
Raven: (appearing suddenly behind her) In the dark realm, children who make messes are fed to the demons.
Jess: (singsong) Sounds like someone's volunteering!
Jess and Karen run outside to find Cyborg standing on the roof, preparing to cannonball into the pool. Since they're not using their powers, Jess and Karen have to use the elevator, which naturally requires halting the hard rock score for smooth jazz elevator music.
Cyborg also launches himself into the atmosphere, and his cannonball is so powerful it empties the pool, causing a tidal wave ridden by all the Titans. Special mention goes to Raven, who is riding the wave while reading her book.
Alfred previously told them not to give Kory any sugar, as "it doesn't sit well with her". We find out after she eats her way out of a multi-tiered birthday cake that "not sitting well" means "becoming her own personal starbolt explosion".
After Starfire's explosion the girls attempt to use their powers, but Karen's necklace and Jess's ring have both been pilfered by Beast Boy. Karen is so fed up that she declares it's time for a TIME OUT—declared so forcefully that it sends out a shockwave.
The Titans look shocked at first, and Karen is pleased with herself that it worked. Smash Cut to Jess and Karen tied up and hanging over a demon pit while the Titans wreak havoc.
Among the things Jess laments are that they're going to spend eternity in a demon realm, Cyborg will probably fly the kids into the sun, and her rating on the MetropoSits babysitting app will tank.
The Titans are finally put to bed, only for Jess and Karen to realize that the manor has still been completely trashed. Their assistance comes from an unlikely source:
Raven: (appearing suddenly behind them) In the dark realm, displays of affection are considered symptoms of sleepwalking. Azarath Metrion -yawns- Zinthos...
The manor is cleaned, the kids are asleep, Jess and Karen look none the worse for wear, and Bruce handed them a giant stack of money from Hammerspace. Alfred is overjoyed, asking if they can book their services for next Saturday. Jess and Karen immediately drive off, Alfred chasing after them pleading for them not to leave him.
    #LeagueOfShadows 
The Superhero Girls (minus Kara) are all glued to the thinly veiled Twilight rip-off... but so are Garth, Barry, and Hal, of all people. The latter is even an expert at the romance based game derived from it.
When Hal finds out Karen is a fan of Up Past 8, a boy band popular with tween girls like Karen:
Hal: I can't believe you listen to that boy band garbage. What are you, fourteen?
Karen: Um... yes.
Kara insists to Karen that the League of Shadows' lyrics don't mean anything and are just metaphors, immediately afterwards Ra's sings that they really do mean what they're saying and are not being metaphorical. This shocks Karen, but Kara is too busy head-banging to pay attention.
While under Ra's Al Ghul's control, Kara destroys the other characters' stuff while being rude as hell. Karen asks the others if they notice Kara behaving differently. Given that Kara already had a tendency to be ill-mannered and brash, this just causes the others to stare at Karen in disbelief and Barry to remark "That was different than usual?"
If the premise of the League of Shadows as a hard rock band wasn't hilarious enough, the fact that Ra's Al-Ghul is still out to cleanse the world... but he's a music snob, so he's starting by taking down mankind's worst sin - bad music. As in, boy bands, such as In-Universe example 'Up Past 8'.
To thwart Ra's evil scheme, the Superhero Girls and half the Invincibros kidnap and replace the three-man boyband. And it turns out that the Invincibros are... actually kind of good at it. Especially Hal. Who has spent the entire two-parter dissing the band, and then manages to ad lib an entire song based on the Power of Friendship in their style.
Zatanna: ...is it me, or is Hal really into this?
    #ItsComplicated 
Though the plot is cliche'd, its utterly hilarious watching Carol string along Hal with an obvious fake ruse, with the assistance of Sinclaire. Some of the expressions she makes, most particularly in the climax when she reveals her diabolical "trap" and claims now Hal Jordan will love her forever.
And then comes the reveal that Thaal Sinclaire was using her' to get to Hal himself!
Jessica Cruz: Wait, What?
There's something darkly hilarious about how quickly Hal Jordan backpedals, resulting in Star Sapphire going nuclear:
Star Sapphire: Did you just... break up with me... on Valentine's day... again?!
Hal's complete failure to learn from his mistakes drives the entire episode and by the end of the episode, much to Jessica's frustration, he still hasn't learned anything, but succeeds in making Sinestro and Carol and Dex-Starr forgive him anyway.
    #SchoolGhoul 
Skeptic-about-ghosts Kara just keeps on missing seeing the ghost activity Barbara and Tatsu see, only to see the Silver Banshee in the kitchen, and realizing the ghost is real.
At one point Tatsu and Babs are glimpsed doing the comedy Jump Scare, except it's the undefeated warrior Tatsu who leaps off her feet and into Babs' arms, and even though she's about a head taller than Babs.
At the end, Barbara gets to give a scare to Kara with a "BOO!".
    #TheFreshPrincessOfRenFaire 
Zee and Diana's falling out, and the worried expressions of Jess, Babs and Karen, being immediately followed by a shot of a fattened Kara being too busy gorging on turkey legs to pay attention to her surroundings.
Ember's entire reaction when she discovers that Zee is not a real princess.
Zee's indignant outrage at Ember's revulsion adds to it. First with an angry eye twitch, and later:
Zee: (while covered with pig filth) So, I taste "barf-tastic", do I?!!
At the end, Zee attempts to deliver An Aesop about how there are lots of different ways to be a princess, only for Diana—an actual, legal princess—to interrupt and remind her that, no, being the daughter of a ruler is the only way to be a princess.
Season 2
    #AmBatgirl 
Batgirl and Bumblebee investigate a break-in at a Metropolis museum and Batgirl uses a blacklight to find question marks painted on the walls.
Batgirl: The Riddler! One of Gotham's most devious villains! Here, in Metropolis! And you know what that means!
Bumblebee: Our city's going down the tube?
Batgirl leaves to go work with Batman and the Super Hero Girls are missing her, with Jess noting that Babs was always good at helping her come up with slogans for her causes. To fill the void, Wonder Woman suggests Katana, who (among other things) suggested Jess use "Save the iguana or perish by my blade".
Katana: (appearing silently among the others) As your teammate, I will hold you to the same unattainable standards I hold myself to.
Diana: Isn't she great?
Naturally, by the next time we see them, Katana has already quit.
Kara brings in Bizarro Supergirl, and Karen accidentally sets her off by not understanding that everything is opposite for the Bizarros. While Bizarro Supergirl starts attacking the team, Kara starts scolding her like a disobedient puppy.
Then comes Catwoman, who naturally isn't actually there to join the team. She just wants to steal their stuff, including the "s" from Kara's shirt. Without her noticing.
    #SuperWonderBatZeeLanternMobile 
Kara's Evil Laugh when she decides to solve the problem of the car by stealing it.
End result of the fight over the car: It falls to Earth, landing exactly in a parking space, where an utterly apathetic traffic warden comes along and writes a ticket. Then, when Kara asks if anyone bothered to get insurance, it spontaneously bursts into flames which reduce it to ashes in seconds. Cue end credits!
    #SirensConch 
Kara's utter terror of the cockroaches. Though in fairness, they are extremely evil-looking.
After hearing Diana's dreadful singing, the others are uncertain how to break it to her. The onus falls on Kara. Later on, she does it again, and Jess scolds her... before quietly adding a "thank you".
And at the end of the episode, Diana has learned a lesson. She cannot sing, and that's okay... because she will study, and learn and become a good singer one day. It's the maniacal way she does it.
    #AngerManagement 
Supergirl doesn't take a reporter accidentally calling her "Girl Superman" well.
Reporter: It was an honest mistake!
(Kara nods, then grabs the reporter's new van and hurls it sky-high)
Kara: It was an honest mistake!
Jess declares she will solve Kara's rage with hypnosis. Zee is not convinced... until Jess does so in a second.
After that, when Jess tries to irritate a now rageless Kara, Zee gets a Funny Background Event where she panics, and schooches off-screen to get away from the inevitable Kara-splosion.
Jess's anger-management class. All of it.
Pamela explaining how it helps her deal with the constant rage, proving it by going from tranquil to snarling fury and back again in a sentence.
    #EnterNightSting 
When Night Sting explains the nature of time travel, Karen mentions the Butterfly Effect. Kara doesn't quite get it.
Kara: So we're supposed to smash the butterfly? Sounds kinda mean, but a'right.
Night Sting reveals that the supposed footage of post-apocalyptic Earth is just from their favorite romance movie series. Apparently it goes in some strange directions in the future.
    #WorldsFinest 
Babs and Kara learn... okay, no, they don't learn a lesson.
Kara: I think we've learned something.
Babs: Never let ego ruin a friendship?
Kara: What? No. It's that Jess doesn't get to say "I told you so."
    #TheMinus 
One of Diana’s increased extracurriculars included a debate where she concludes with:
Diana: In closing, I will simply say this. If we ever hope to grow as a society, we must put ego aside and accept this immutable truth: pineapple has no place on a pizza pie!
[audience erupts into cheers]
Faced with Diana's increasing madness, Jess suggests simply approaching Diana about the problem, since she will certainly respond to it like a rational person. Cut to Diana crouched on top of a filing cabinet.
Diana: I will do no such thing! (hisses and claws at them like an angry cat)
Babs tries the fruit Diana's been mainlining. It turns her into a human pinball. And the others have absolutely no reaction to this whatsoever.
Karen: The fruit's not the problem, guys.
Babs: (a la Daffy Duck) WOOHOO!
Karen: Not the only problem.
With asking nicely having failed, Jess tries another plan:
Jess: We have one more plan... NOW, KAREN! SWIPE YOUR STUPID TO-DO LIST WHILE SHE'S DISTRACTED!
    #Powerless 
This gem of a line from Toyman:
Toyman: The whole reason I pilot a giant mech is so that I don't have to be self-aware!
Since Kara can no longer brush off Amusing Injuries, she has a lot of Minor Injury Overreactions to things like a scraped knee or running for too long. Karen dryly notes that without her powers, Kara is very out of shape, and Kara is skeptical of the idea that her skin can fix itself.
Karen tries to encourage Kara that she's still useful even without powers:
Karen: Remember that time you saved that kid whose hand got stuck in a mailbox? Or when you rescued that boy with the loose shoelaces who nearly got dragged under the escalator? Or how about when you freed that guy who glued himself to the toilet?
Kara (smiling): Those were all Garth.
The reason Supergirl and Bumblebee even have the time to get all the way across town to save Garth is that Toyman trapped him using an elaborate Rube Goldberg Device. Garth's doom is eminent... within the next six to ten minutes, depending on how fast the butter slide melts.
Toyman complains that his suit itches and asks Bumblebee how she can stay comfortable in her suit. After a minute, Bumblebee suggests rubbing cornstarch on the inside of the armor.
    #AcceptNoSubstitute 
Babs trying to get multiple tarantulas off her dad with the Bat Tarantula Repellent, which doesn't seem to work, only attracting more. Babs sprays some on herself before seeing the label says it's Anti Repellent.
Babs: Why would I ever think I'd need this?
Reaching her breaking point at her dad reading out ridiculous names, Babs calls him out on falling for "Ira Lee Stinkman", asking who would even have a name like that. ... at which point a classmate runs out of the room sobbing, and even Karen gives her the stink-eye for ruining Ira's first day.
    #MotherKnowsBest 
During the fight with Lyssa:
Supergirl: Sorry I messed up your plans today.
Wonder Woman: No; I am the one who must apologize.
Supergirl: I know; I just said sorry first to get the ball rolling.
    #NightmareInGotham 
Babs dresses up as Wonder Woman for Halloween and shouts "Great Hera!". Diana scoffs that she would never say that—she's met Hera, and she's not impressed. It quickly becomes a Running Gag, as Zatanna gets in on it when she also dresses as Wonder Woman. And of course, the cherry on top, during the end of Part One: Diana herself actually says it too!
When Babs gets a call to stop the Joker, she laments that she will have to make up some excuse to leave Harleen behind, with sad music in the background. Which immediately cuts to Harleen telling the gang "No problem, see ya!", and cartwheeling and laughing away. The Super Hero Girls stare blankly.
#SuperShorts
    #PlightOfTheBumblee 
Karen's having trouble getting her suit off, so she ends up requesting Barbara's help. When she makes it to Babs's locker to find she isn't there, she notices Kara and attempts to get her help. Kara interprets her as some bug and responds by swatting her, which Babs walks in to notice.
Barbara: You just smushed Karen!
[Kara gives a shocked expression]
Kara: I what? Uh-oh.
[Kara's locker breaks open to show Karen's suit fall off of her]
Karen: Did the bell ring yet?
    #PackBat 
Concerned with Babarbra's hoarding, Diana and Jessica try convincing her to get rid of some of her stuff.
Barbara: Oh sure, there are no sharks now, but the day you run into one you'll wish you had a can of Bat Shark Repellant!
"Kittens. Can't. Brush. THEMSELVES!"
    #PrizeFighter 
Kara spends the whole short utterly failing to make a basket — Barbara tried to warn her that the game was rigged — while Barabara wins a Whack-A-Mole game with ease. She does win in the end... but she only got a keychain of a seal. note  Not that she had a problem with rubbing it in Barbara's face.
Diana meanwhile spends the short obsessed with an automated fortune teller game there (which, strangely enough, wasn't plugged in...).
Diana: [in a Troubled Fetal Position holding a fortune] Yes, yes I see! Now it is all so clear!
Child: Mommy, what is that lady doing?
Child's mother: Just keep walking, dear. Don't make eye contact.
    #HardRock 
Kara takes Diana to a rock concert and Diana claims that she's looking forward to having her face melted off, not understanding it's an expression.
Diana also becomes convinced that she and Kara entered a demon pit (to be fair the place is called the Lazarus Pit)note , believing everyone there is possessed by Hades. She mistakenly gets the idea to blend in from Kara, which, after observing everyone's dance moves, has her move in a fashion recalling "#SweetJustice". Hilarity Ensues as she's done being pushed around by the other patrons.
Diana: [as she keeps hitting random people] Release these people from your fiery grip Hades! You are a worthy foe, but I am worthier! [as Kara notices what she's doing] By the power of ZEUS!
"I am very much enjoying my first face-melting!"
    #LetThemEatPie 
Remember when Diana gulped down all that ice cream in #SweetJustice? Well, #LetThemEatPie can be considered its sequel.
Diana enters a pie-eating contest, which leaves her baffled as to what the pie actually tastes like. When she takes a bite however...
Diana: [via Imagine Spot] This flavor... it tastes like... VICTORY!!!
Which leads to some good news and bad news. Good news: She then wolfs down all of her pies, even beating Doris and Barry. Bad news: She becomes too attached, eating every pie in sight, which leads to her being held back by Barbara and Jessica. And the last thing we see is her lunging at Lois Lane while she's holding a pie.
Made even funnier by the Funny Background Event of Diana crawling on the table licking up the crumbs before noticing Lois holding the pie that the camera is focusing on.
Doris is close to vomiting at her 94th pie. What does she do? She punches it down her throat!
    #TheSlowAndTheFurious 
Jessica's the only one of the girls to have both a driver's license and a car, but with her friends' antics, she's having trouble trying to keep her parents' van intact over the course of a week.
Monday: Barbara fiddles with everything, trying to find out which one shoots weapons. None of them do, and after Jess tells her to stop, she fiddles with the window, accidentally breaking the switch. She also apparently started putting grabbling hooks on her vehicles when she was five.
Tuesday: Karen acts like a backseat driver, constantly telling Jess to look out for every little thing. In the middle of a traffic jam.
Karen: A SQUIRREL!!!
Wednesday: Diana attempts to prove that Jess doesn't need a GPS to know where she needs to go, preferring to use a paper map. Though Jess did have a little trouble trying to follow her directions.
Diana: [as Jessica is trying to avoid crashing the car as she drives] Impressive skill! Have you ever considered chariot racing?
Thursday: The day that Jessica's nerves get pushed too far by Zee, Kara, and Diana fighting over what music to listen to, resulting in them breaking the knob. Her reaction is like an angry mother finally cracking.
Jessica: If you guys can't settle down, I'll turn this van around and-
Zee: Jess, look out!
[Jess narrowly avoids colliding with the car in front of her]
Jessica: Phew, that was close!
[van breaks down anyway]
Jessica: [after an eye twitch] THAT'S IT! EVERYONE OUT!!! [drives away after everyone leaves]
Friday: Coming after Jessica seeing that her friends fixed the van back up, she tries to start it. Everyone then pressures her on her methods, including an Are We There Yet? from Kara, prompting a groan from Jess.
    #EqualTights 
This short proves that, once again, Superman sees Hal Jordan as an annoyance.
One of the incessant texts Hal sends Superman is "I think I lost my ring :("
    #StainedFighter 
The milk tanker explodes.
    #AdBlockers 
Zee and Oliver spend the entire episode at each other's throats to see whose 7:30 show can be promoted more. This escalated so much that Karen, Babs, and Kara just watch them duke it out while eating popcorn.
Kara: So how long do you think it will take for both of them to realize it's 8:30 and they missed both of their shows? And we got to watch an even better show for free!
    #AsteroidBelter 
Hal was so hungry that he could only think about his favorite hot dog stand, even as he and Jess are trying to stop a meteor shower.
He even saves the day by imagining his favorite hot dog and launching all the meteors back into space... all except one, which destroys the hot dog stand.
Jess: Sorry Hal. But you know, that salad bar is still open.
Hal: Salad? ...NOOOOOO!!!!
    #VanityInsanity 
Zee says that she needs to be "mesmerizing" as Picture Day is the most important day of her life. Jess then mentions her meeting Sargon the Sorceror as the most important day of her life, which Zee says is different because that was yesterday.
Oliver messes with Zee, making her think her hair has a loose strand, which becomes funnier at the end of the short.
Zee: OLIVER!!!
    #PhotoOops 
It's comical to see the different ways that Jimmy tries, and fails to get photos of heroes in action.
    #LostAndFound 
Harley Quinn gets her hands on Wonder Woman's Lasso of Truth and using it on everybody, which leads to hilarious confessions.
A guy eating at the vegan cafe confesses that he'd give his left arm for a burger. Once Harley leaves, the man dreads how the woman he's sitting with will react to what he just said, but she admits that she'd also rather have a burger.
Garth winds up revealing his identity as Aqualad to a fellow student... who's completely indifferent, even as he keeps talking about it. The student walks away, leaving him to sulk.
Giganta admits that she uses aggression to mask her insecurities. Much to her horror her victims start to feel sorry for her.
Man: Aww, poor thing. She's not a monster, she's just misunderstood.
Giganta: NO!!! I am a monster!!! [roars]
Man: [Stage Whisper] She's just lashing out because of the pain she feels.
At the end, Harley attempts to use the rope as a bungee cord, only to get tangled up in it instead, allowing Wonder Woman and Supergirl to catch her. Of course, Supergirl decides that taking her in isn't enough and decides to take advantage of Harley's current situation with a few questions. Harley is not thrilled.
    #ComicGone 
Babs and Harleen both refuse to buy the last issue of the limited-edition "Clowns Vs. Bats" comic out of respect for their friendship, and naturally Harley Quinn shows up later that night to steal it...only to find that Batgirl already broke in and is hunched over on the floor reading it, wearing a headlamp and eating candy.
When Harley charges at Batgirl, Batgirl immediately cries "WHOA WHOA WHOA!" and Harley stops and freezes in midair as Batgirl slooooooowwwly puts the comic in a resealable bag. Rather than be annoyed, Harley says "Good thinkin'!" before attacking.
Harley and Batgirl brawl throughout the comic book store until Batgirl is able to slip away, leaving Harley in a Big Ball of Violence with herself. Batgirl naturally takes the opportunity to continue reading the comic.
As Harley and Batgirl chase each other, Batgirl eventually starts sticking to the ceiling and running along anyway. Harley is confused by this, Batgirl shrugs, and Harley decides to just smack the floor with her mallet and shake Batgirl loose.
The store is eventually blown up by one of Harley's bombs, but Batgirl thinks that at least the comic is safe...only to see it promptly be blown away by a passing breeze, plastic bag and all. Harley just thinks the fact that they were fighting over a comic called "Clowns vs. Bats" is funny, but Batgirl has had enough and forgoes her usual gadgetry to punch her in the face.
    #SoulTaken 
The serious, straight-laced Katana has to get her sword back from Harley Quinn — which means at one point fighting her with a balloon sword. It works until she remembers it's a balloon and pops it.
The fight ends not because either of them beat the other, but because Katana took a mallet from a strength challenge at the carnival to fight with, and Harley starts gushing over its quality and exchanges the sword for it. Katana can only wonder what just happened.
