There are a lot of heartwarming moments in DC Super Hero Girls (2019).

#SweetJustice
One of Jessica's early establishing moments is standing up for Karen Beecher during the food fight. It definitely shows how much she sticks up for the underdog.
With Batgirl deducing that the other girls are superheroes, Wonder Woman immediately calls her a sister for showing great faith in them.
The scene at the boardwalk carnival is nothing but this, with the girls genuinely bonding and sticking with each other.
Even with the disaster at Sweet Justice, Batgirl still wants to be a hero, and is very adamant in getting Diana away from her mother so she can still be a hero.
Even if it was mostly accidental, Harleen calling Babs in her darkest hour to cheer her up. Because they were friends in Gotham, and she misses her.
The ending is made of this, with the girls being praised as heroes for their efforts, and staying as heroes.
In particular, a bunch of girl scouts point out that the brand new team of superheroes in town are girls, and start chanting "Superhero girls!" and the team's reactions to this are telling. Even better? The Girl Scouts were one of the first teams the show partnered with in real life.
#HateTriangle
While it doubles as Funny, the moment Jessica finds out that Hal broke up with Star Sapphire over text, she immediately sympathizes with Star, calling out Hal for doing something so dumb.
Jessica comforting Star when she's upset over Hal breaking up with her, instead of beating her up, proving that she truly is a pacifist even when Star tried to destroy Hal and Jessica throughout the whole episode. What she says to her is extremely good advice as well... but then it becomes less heartwarming when she completely takes this for granted and runs off with the wrong message.
#ShockItToMe
After Diana makes her stand against Livewire in Glen Morgan Square, the other girls come to her aid after their own humiliations at Livewire's hands make the Internet. They join again to stop Livewire's obvious bullying (since she's actively looking to harm Diana physically, not just humiliate Wonder Woman). Their victory over Livewire leads to Metropolis embracing them, and all of her Shockateers are lured to a new video channel: one with the girls being cute with cats they rescue. It has FIFTY MILLION followers and proclaims "Wonder Woman Breaks the Internet!" is the final straw against Livewire's mean-spirited videos.
A minor moment comes from Livewire physically harming Wonder Woman. Once she ups the ante, everyone stops laughing and even gasps in shock, which demonstrates that indeed Diana was right: Everyone Has Standards.
#FromBatToWorse
After Batgirl loses her chance to show her stuff to Batman, and has spent the whole episode ducking her seemingly uncool and overprotective dad, Commissioner Gordon says to her (not realizing he's talking to his daughter) that he's surprised Batgirl isn't part of Batman's operation. After all, he says, she's a way better superhero than that twerp Robin, whose theme doesn't even match the hero he's sidekicking for. Seeing her realize that her dad recognizes her efforts, even if her idol doesn't, is adorable.
#CrushingIt
While largely a source of comedy, Diana's crush on Steve Trevor is adorable as well. It helps that Steve is a Nice Guy worthy of Diana's affection.
In a way the girls wanting Diana back on her A-game even if it meant “taking out” a guy she liked.
Barbara rather than thinking they need to “take out” Steve Trevor, she just gets him into a school he wanted to go to.
#GothamCon
Harley shows how much she cares for Barbara in her own special way. The very reason she tries to kill Robin is because he was a jerk to Barbara. Later, thinking Barbara was a big Robin fan, she removes the bomb that was tucked under his chair and even tries to get his autograph (okay, threatening him in an alleyway with a hammer isn't the best way to go, but it's the thought that counts! To not to mention he completely deserved it)
In general, the friendship between Babs and Harleen is quite heartwarming (especially the nicknames they have for each other).
#DCSuperheroBoys
Barbara and Barry’s shared excitement when they learn each other’s secret identities.
The two sides finally working together as a team to take down Zod and his forces. Doubles as a Moment of Awesome.
Hal: Alright, Wonder Woman, let's see that "courage-in-the-flames" stuff! You call the play and we'll follow! Right guys?
Invincibros: Yo bros!
Hal: ...and girls! [the girls smile warmly at this]
When they finally send Zod back to the Phantom Zone, Kara hangs back after the other heroes go off to celebrate, remembering how her mother sacrificed herself to save Kara from Zod's attack:
Supergirl: We did it, Mom. We got 'em.
#Frenemies
Batgirl reconciling with her friends, with both sides saying that they are each glad that they are back together, especially with the Super Villain Girls on the loose. She pulls them into a hug, calling them SBFFs. Zatanna's translation? "Super Best Friends Forever".
#DramaQueen
When Oliver trashes Mortimer's dressing room out of petty revenge, and while he's doing that finds evidence Mortimer's planning to kill Zee. He has a huge Oh, Crap! moment and runs out of the room, then appears on stage as Green Arrow to thwart the murder plot, showing he got over himself and came to save an unsuspecting Zee. Oliver doesn't like her, but he doesn't want her dead.
#Abracadabrapalooza
The focus of the episode is Zee's relationship with her father. Giovanni is a devoted father, and Zee is his confidante on the road and happy to be his assistant for the smallest magic shows. He relents gracefully when Zee says she can't go on stage, not wanting to force her, and as Zee's Power Incontinence comes to a head, Giovanni plows through the locked door to get to his frightened daughter.
#TweenTitans
In a weird way, the relationships between the Tween Titans. Sure, they're a bunch of obnoxious troublemaking preteen gremlins, but they're also very clearly each others' True Companions and genuinely enjoy spending time together, even if they're spending time destroying Wayne Manor. It's actually a refreshing departure from Teen Titans Go!, where they're constantly beating up on each other, as well as the modern comics where they haven't been properly together as a team in decades.
Raven playing pat-a-cake with the tentacled demon in the portal.
#HousePest
Diana is overjoyed to find Jumpa, her old stuffed kangaroo, amongst Julia Kapatelis' artifacts from Themyscira. She's later seen snuggling with Jumpa in her new bed.
#LeagueOfShadows
The ending has Barry, Hal, and Garth doubling as the boy band Up Past 8 (who Ra's is out to destroy on account of their "bad music" being a major sin of mankind), and while the Superhero Girls cover them against a mind-controlled Kara, Hal (who claimed to hate the band) successfully improvises a song that taps into the Power of Friendship via Awesome Music that, with a group glomp from the Superhero Girls, breaks Kara free. Cue a Dance Party Ending.
#TheBirdAndTheBee
Also counts as Tear Jerker; Carter proves his love for Shiera is selfless and true by staying away so she won't be hurt by Hath-Set.
Karen: But she's waiting for you! You can't leave her there like this, or you'll never get the chance to love her.
Carter: It's the only way I can love her.
#AccordingToGarth
Kara joins Garth's MAMX (Gundam expy) fanclub because the school has advised her to try some extracurricular activities to improve her grades. While initially resistant, she quickly starts to enjoy it, only for Winslow Schott to show up and force her out of the club. Later at Sweet Justice, she tells her friends that she doesn't even care about Schott or MAMX, and that she only found it fun because Garth is fun.
#AngerManagement
Pam, misanthrope supreme, is a regular attendant for Jessica's anger management classes. She even partakes in group hugs and holding hands with others!
#TheMinus
Diana is so upset about getting an A-minus that she resorts to magical means to overexert herself so she never fails at something again. Karen eventually recognizes the real problem—while Diana may easily accept people's imperfections, she's never been allowed to accept her own. Karen and the others reassure her with words Diana's never heard from anyone before: it's okay to not be perfect, because one perceived failure doesn't override every other wonderful part of who Diana is.
#MotherKnowsBest
Wonder Woman is angry and jealous over her mother liking Supergirl more than her, and Supergirl admits she's confused because Wonder Woman is good at everything...right before Hippolyta shouts another critique about Diana's performance in battle:
Wonder Woman (bitterly): Not everyone agrees.
Supergirl (smiling): When you gonna learn, Dee? Not everyone needs to.
Hippolyta states that as princess of the Amazons, Diana is still beholden to high standards...but as her daughter, she's proud of her, and she admits she was wrong not to let her know that. They then go on the tour of Metropolis that Diana originally wanted.
#DetentionClub
Hal eventually admits he's in detention for trying to change a failing grade, and Pam admits the plant she got in detention for keeping is actually an important memento of her botanist father. Hal goes out of his way to get her plant back, but believes she still hates him by the end...only for it to turn out that the principal's computer, on which he was keeping all the report card information, was conveniently destroyed by plants.
#NightmareInGotham
Harley and Babs's friendship cements Harley's decision not to destroy Gotham, sabotaging the Joker's device. This gives Barbara hope for things with them.
