    General 
Big Bad Duumvirate: Of the show as a whole, notably in the #Frenemies two-parter with the emphasis on Harley.
Carload of Cool Kids: In their civilian guises half the team are social outcasts who keep their activities under the radar, but once they suit up as villains they go out of their way to let everyone know what they're up to and how cool it is.
Evil Versus Evil: In the absence of super heroes they're not above turning their attention to unaffiliated super villains like Cheetah or even turning against one another.
Evil Laugh: They end their reveal episode, part one of #Frenemies, sharing a long one. Poison Ivy and Harley Quinn are more frequent offenders than the rest.
Foil
Doris Zeul and Selina Kyle are foils to Diana Prince. Diana and Doris are both star athletes and huge school girls but Diana is only awkward due to culture clash and only violent during sanctioned competition, when reacting to hostility directed towards her or when defending someone else, otherwise being a Gentle Giant. Doris is a socially inept Dumb Jock who uses her bulk to bully others into getting what she wants. While Diana had leadership thrust upon her and only really takes charge when she feels necessary, or when she's giving into a self serving an indulgence, Selina specifically put her own group together to make dealing with Diana's easier and only cedes leadership when someone else enforces their will, or cons her in the case of Harleen.
Doris Zeul is a foil to Kara Danvers in that they are both dumb jocks with familial issues but Doris Zeul steals from her own family. They are both destructive and believe themselves strong enough to do whatever they want but most of Kara's destruction is accidental and she merely strong arms people while Doris physically assaults them. Selina Kyle and Leslie Willis are also foils to Kara Danvers in that they are both trolls as Kara is. Kara is mostly limited to mocking and laughing at people's problems, while Selina Kyle actually steals other people's belongings and Leslie is willing to cause physical harm and property destruction in her pranks.
Pam Isley and Carol Ferris are foils to Jessica Cuz. Jessica and Pam both are soap box sadies but Jessica is an extroverted vegetarian pacifist while Pam is an introverted carnivore with barely suppressed violent tendencies. While Jessica is a pacifist specifically because she loves everything and wants the conflicts of life solved in the least painful ways possible, Carol has an obssessive love for one individual and will gladly batter him into submission, metaphorically or otherwise, to make him compliant and break whatever else is in the way of him or anything else she wants.
Doris Zeul is a foil to Karen Beecher in that Karen developed her shrinking technology through funds she gathered legitimately while Doris steals the components for her growth formula. Karen is also passive and submissive while Doris is aggressive and dominant.
Leslie Willis is a foil to Zee Zatara in that Zee is a performance artist who seeks to build a large following but is content to entertain with her own skills and creativity. Leslie's entertainment comes by making her audience laugh at the misery she causes to random unsuspecting victims.
Selina Kyle, Pam Isley and Harley Quinn are foils to Barbara Gordon, all four growing up in the Wretched Hive that is Gotham City but Barbara being the daughter of a police officer who wishes to combat the city's criminal elements while Selina and Harley became criminals themselves. While Barbara wants to help Gotham, Pam ultimately wants to reduce it to rubble.
Gang of Bullies: Doris, Selina and Lesie are three different variety of bullies, with Pamela being a misanthrope who goes along with them for the misery they bring people, Carol Ferris having nothing better to do and Harleen finding their activities fun.
Legion of Doom: They don't come together exclusively to beat The Super Hero Girls but the protagonists banding together was what inspired them to do the same.
Lighter and Softer: Giganta is not the despot her Golden Age comic book counterpart was, a kidnapper like the Silver Age version nor a body thief like the Post Crisis version. Poison Ivy poisons no one and relies far less on controlling other people against their will. This Poison Ivy also tries to suppress her powers and homicidal misantrhopy most of the time and just get through school. Catwoman is no better than most of her comic book counterparts however, just because the comics have been increasingly making her an Anti-Villain\Anti-Hero, while Livewire is about as malicious as her comic book counterparts.
Recurring Riff: In addition to the group as a whole having a Villain Song, The Super Villain Girls also have a leitmotif and each individual member has their own variation of this leitmotif that plays while they're getting focus.
Secret Identity: Unlike The Super Hero Girls, half of The Super Villain Girls under go physical transformations when becoming their alter egos, with Giganta having no super attributes whatsoever as Doris Zeul and Pamela Isley actively suppressing her Poison Ivy self most of the time.
Toyless Toyline Character: Catwoman, Harley and Poison Ivy were the only ones in the group who got their own dolls in the accompanying toyline, and the last one was a Target exclusive.
Transformation Sequence: "#Frenemies" shows that, like the Superhero Girls, they each have a unique transformation sequence where they switch from their civilian forms to their villain forms. While The Super Hero Girls have fairly long sequences based on their individual personalities The Super Villain Girls have short sequences that emphasize their status as a team put together to cause damage.
Villain Song: "Too Much Fun" featured in "#Frenemies", which is about how much they enjoy causing trouble.

   Catwoman (Selina Kyle)
Selina is the school's biggest tease, able to snatch things away without attention. She takes this to greater lengths as Catwoman, while also taking great amusement in messing with everyone else.

Absurdly Sharp Claws: Gloves with claws that seem able to slice clean through anything are part of Catwoman's costume.
Actor Allusion: Cree Summer's role as Catwoman could be a subtle reference to her previous role as Nefertina, a cat-themed, whip-wielding heroine in the cartoon series Mummies Alive!
Adaptation Dye-Job: Like Zatanna, her usually brown-black hair is now purple.
Adaptational Intelligence: This version of Selina is a very smart criminal mastermind as opposed to simply a crafty thief. The show even implies that she came up with the idea to form a supervillain team to overcome the heroes rather than the typical evil genius antagonists.
Adaptational Villainy: She's back to being an Anti-Villain at most.
Anti-Villain: A thief and vandal willing to torture individuals, even take part in the execution of groups, Catwoman will nonetheless avoid causing harm if she thinks of a way to have her "fun" without it and mass murder, even through negligence, is right out.
Badass Normal: Has no superpowers, but was smart and athletic enough to singlehandedly toy with Supergirl for almost an entire episode.
Big Bad: As the leader of the main antagonistic faction of the series, she is technically the series' Big Bad.
The Chessmaster: She's good at manipulating events and people to produce the desired outcome. She also knows how to exploit the Super Hero Girls' flaws to her advantage. Lex Luthor thinks he already has her figured out because he is a "ninth level intellect" but she ends up playing him several times.
Comic-Book Fantasy Casting: Her civilian identity bears a very striking resemblance to Halle Berry's look, while her voice is inspired by Eartha Kitt (which was intentional on her voice actress' part).
Cool and Unusual Punishment: Catwoman leaves Supergirl powerless under kryptonite in a museum surrounded by nerd things which Supergirl hates, with Supergirl's cell phone just out of reach.
Deadpan Snarker: Selina is still the Queen of quick wits on this show. Best exemplified when she makes numerous jabs at Supergirl during one of her heists.
[Supergirl stands next to some Neanderthal statues]
Catwoman: The family resemblance is uncanny.
Even Evil Has Standards: She may be a criminal, but letting Metropolis get destroyed is a line she won't cross. She betrays Lex, her temporary ally, because of his plan to let a meteor hit the city so he can recreate it in his own image.
Evil Counterpart: To Batgirl. While Barbara is spunky, peppy, and noble, Selina is cold-hearted, cynical, and selfish. Barbara is also humble enough to not force her way on her heroic teammates, acting as a more secondary leader, while Catwoman calls the shots around her group and tells them off from time to time. They also seem to target each other when given the chance, even having similar combat skills.
Giggling Villain: throughout "#FightAtTheMuseum", she can't stop laughing at Supergirl's suffering.
Hartman Hips: Selina has thick thighs and childbearing hips wider than her own waistline or bust, and is the de-facto leader of the villains.
Impossible Thief: Catwoman somehow steals the "S" off of Supergirl's chest while Supergirl isn't looking.
The Leader: The Super Villain Girls teaming up was her idea, and she's usually the one calling the shots.
Leitmotif: A jazzy melody not unlike a Film Noir's theme.
A Lighter Shade of Black: While her teammates want to hurt people or wreak havoc, Selina's primary motivation is stealing stuff.
Made of Iron: She survives a blow from Cheetah in #PurseScratcher, after it is shown Cheetah can casually shatter wood and concrete. Catwoman then manages to block strikes from Cheetah without her bones and tendons snapping, using coathangers for armor no less. One can at least assume Wonder Woman was pulling her punches.
Mythology Gag: Cree Summer has said she's channeling the Eartha Kitt version of Catwoman. However, her civilian outfit more closely resembles Halle Berry's.
Never My Fault: Catwoman is mostly right about The Super Hero Girls being incompetent crooks but fails to acknowledge that Wonder Woman performed her part in the heist correctly the first time and that Catwoman got the location of Lex Luthor's identity card wrong.
Not So Above It All: Despite being a cunning mistress who takes her exploits seriously, she laughs at Garth after he trips and mocks the Super Hero Girls' civilian selves for being "nerds" in "#Frenemies".
One-Man Army: Takes down a whole squad of security guards, armed with only handcuffs, in "#AllyCat"
Playful Cat Smile: Befitting not only the cat theme but her mischievous personality.
Pyrrhic Victory: Catwoman manages escape from Cheetah in one piece, but they both lose the purse they were fighting over to Zee Zatara.
Race Lift: This Catwoman is African-American. Fitting, given her resemblance to Halle Berry as a civilian and her Eartha Kitt-inspired vocal performance.
Screw Destiny: When Lex tries to invoke You Can't Fight Fate on her due to his possession of the Book of Eternity, she seems resigned at first. Secretly, Catwoman tears off a page of the book detailing her decision to release the captured Super Hero Girls so that they can destroy a meteor hurtling towards Metropolis. Afterwards, she basically tells Lex that she did it because she's offended that he sees her as nothing more than a pawn in his game.
Catwoman: No book tells me what to do.
Sticky Fingers: It's Catwoman. From diamonds to candy bars, if Selina wants it, she'll swipe it.
The Tease: Catwoman maintains her flirtatious nature. For example, she playfully teases Barry when ordering a tea so he won't notice her swiping stuff from his shop.
Tomboy with a Girly Streak: Selina's civvies are very biker chic, but her love for jewelry is apparent with swanky earrings, bracelets, and a necklace.
Troll: She gets quite a lot of amusement when she manipulates Supergirl into falling into her trap. Though it's revealed that she was intentionally mocking her to deceive the heroine, that doesn't stop her from enjoying it.

    Poison Ivy (Pamela Isley)
A nature-loving student at Metropolis High School, Pam prefers to be a loner, with only her plants, mainly Phil, for company. As Poison Ivy, she uses her control over plants to take Earth back from humanity.

Adaptational Modesty: Her dress is less revealing than the usual spandex made of leaves, though unlike the previous series, she is no longer portrayed wearing pants. The show also does not go so far as to give Poison Ivy shoulder straps and coverings, as it did for Wonder Woman.
Adaptational Superpower Change: She lacks any sort of charm/Mind Control powers Poison Ivy traditionally employs, except indirectly by having plants puppeteer people. She's also not a Poisonous Person, except through her plants. On the otherhand her powers extend to green colored fungi and protists now.
Adaptational Ugliness: Zig-Zagged. While still attractive in her villain identity, Pamela's civilian identity looks very sickly, whereas she usually looks attractive in or out of costume.
Adaptational Villainy: Poison Ivy is a villain again instead of a hero like in the previous continuity.
Adaptation Personality Change: She seems to have lost her shyness from the previous continuity when she's Poison Ivy. Pamela Isley, on the other hand, is a little more sedate and shy. She's also a meat-eater who looks downright unhealthy because of it, while other animated adaptations had her be a vegetarian in spite of her beliefs. While she is Pamela, her civilian look more closely resembles Ivy Pepper from the Gotham TV series.
Adaptation Relationship Overhaul:
Ivy's first appearances in two shorts (before her first two episode appearances) hinted at a friendship with Harley Quinn in this continuity as well, only for both shorts showing that Ivy can barely tolerate Harley.
"#DetentionClub" reveals that Ivy deeply misses and treasures her Disappeared Dad, unlike other incarnations.
Amazing Technicolor Population: Like some incarnations, Ivy gains green skin.
Artistic License – Biology: She only eats meat to avoid harming plantlife. Eating only meat is actually more harmful to plants than eating only plants, since a pound of meat takes a huge amount of plant life (not to mention water) to grow. Specifically, in the US, it takes 7 kg of grain to grow one kg of beef, and 4 kg of grain to grow one kg of pork; it also takes 20,000 litres of water to grow one kg of meat vs about 4,000 litres of water to grow one kg of wheat.
Better with Non-Human Company: Ivy obviously loves spending time with plants and sees humans as monsters that wantonly murder plants, so socializing with them is not a top priority. Her best friend, the potted plant "Phil", thinks Pam should socialize more with her own species, however.
Bizarre Taste in Food: In "#ScrambledEggs", she eats two of the eggs the class is forced to eggsit. She eats the first one raw after receiving it (shell and all, apparently), and fries the second one to make a sandwich that she defiantly eats in class.
Composite Character: She is Poison Ivy, a Batman villain who first appeared in the Silver Age of Comic Books, but her sort of friendship with (the)Green Lantern(s) and her repressed violent tendencies bring to mind the golden age Flash villain Thorn, who went on to love and antagonize original Green Lantern Alan Scott. Even at one point, Superman faced her in "EqualTights", which is reminiscent of both the Batman: Hush arc, as well as Rose Forrest, the other character who uses the alias Thorn and is related to Superman's lore.
Cool House: She lives in an apartment building with a huge greenhouse on the roof and vines covering the exterior walls.
Deadpan Snarker: When civilian Pam is inclined to bother speaking to anyone, it's mostly in dry, deadpan tones.
Death Trap: Poison Ivy is seen slowly lowering a chained up, screaming woman into a glowing silo during #EqualTights
Evil Counterpart: She is this to Jessica. Jessica is outgoing and friendly while Pam is a loner. While Jessica is an activist who tries to preserve all life, Pam only cares about saving plants, even if it means costing human lives. (This even extends to their diet where Pam only eats meat while Jessica is a vegetarian.)
Evil Redhead: As Poison Ivy, her hair is bright fiery red, with a green outfit and green-tinted skin.
Evil Laugh: "#HashtagFrownyFace" shows her having one before Harley sends her an emoji text. Which has her stop to complain why couldn't Harley just text "like a normal person?"
Fungi Are Plants: Poison Ivy's powers extend to green fungi and even green algae!
Green Thumb: Poison Ivy is as good with growing plants as her previous incarnations.
It Is Beyond Saving: She left Gotham because it was a "toxic cesspool" inhospitable to plant life.
"Nothing green will ever grow there again."
Jabba Table Manners: Shows this off in "#ScrambledEggs," belching loudly whenever she eats one of the eggs from the Egg Sitting assignment.
Likes Clark Kent, Hates Superman: "Like" might be too strong, but as of "#MisgivingTree," Pam can tolerate Jess as a fellow nature lover but loathes Green Lantern. However, in "#Vegecide," Pam saw Jess drink a vegetable-based smoothie and seemingly loses any respect even for her civilian identity.
Misanthrope Supreme: She believes that Gotham is a "toxic cesspool" that can't be saved and that nothing green will ever grow there again. In general, she hates humans for causing harm to plants so much that she genuinely believes the best thing for the environment is to wipe humanity out. Pam is trying to put off the extinction of humanity until her education is complete however, even willingly joining Jessica Cruz's H.E.A.R.T.(anger management program with Carter Hall.
Night of the Living Mooks: Jessica Cruz tries to bond with Pam Isley by taking her on a camping trip, but Jessica trying to feed Pam a veggie kabob roaste on a wood camp fire sents Pam over the the edge, causing Poison Ivy to emerge and start twisting dead plants and mushooms into an army of zombies against Jessica.
Not-So-Harmless Villain: It's hard to feel threatened by the mousy teenager who carries around and talks to a potted plant, but her control over plants makes her one of the most powerful and dangerous villains on the show.
Nutritional Nightmare: She is the opposite of a die-hard vegetarian and eats only meat, leaving her in visibly poor health from an unbalanced diet.
Pointy Ears: To accentuate her elfish looks, she has pointed ears as Poison Ivy.
Rising Uppercut: Pamela Isley meets the hammer of a descending Harleen Quinzel with a jumping uppercut during #RemoteUncontrolled
Rogues' Gallery Transplant: Is traditionally a Bat-villain, but in this version is mostly used to counterpoint Green Lantern. The Super Villain Girls already have two other Bat-villains anyhow. She does spend the large majority of one short tormenting Batgirl and conversing with Harley Quinn, however. Batgirl also has a focus episode dedicated to finding a way to stop Poison Ivy when no one else shows up to save Batgifrl.
Sexier Alter Ego: Pam Isley the soft-spoken high schooler has a sickly greenish tint to her skin, bags under her eyes, limp and messy brown hair, and wears frumpy, baggy clothes, making her resemble her Gotham counterpart, Ivy Pepper. As Poison Ivy the vampy villainess, the tint becomes bright mint green, her hair gains fiery-red vibrancy and volume, and she's dressed in a figure-hugging dress.
Soft-Spoken Sadist: Pam has a very gentle voice. She retains it as Poison Ivy, which only makes it more jarring when she's ripping people apart with giant vines.
Straw Vegetarian: Inverted; Pam only eats meat because she hates seeing plants die. She apparently doesn't understand that the animal meat is made from an even larger quantity of plants. "#ScrambledEggs" also shows her eating a sandwich, even though bread is made out of plants.
Tamer and Chaster: Much like The Batman, this version of Poison Ivy is much less sexualized, and isn't a seductress in any way, because she's a teenager.
Well-Intentioned Extremist: Pam has a deep connection to the vegetation she nurtures and the surrounding world, and only wants to protect them from corporate deforestation. She ends up seeing eye to eye with Jessica Cruz's nature preservation in "#MisgivingTree" as a result. One slight problem: she's willing to murder anyone that has murdered the greens in return, which can include Jessica.
When She Smiles: She gives a genuinely happy smile for the first time in "#DetentionClub". Hal finds it very pretty and heartwarming on her.
Wrestler in All of Us: Pam Isley refuses to watch professional wrestling with Harleen Quinzel, to the point she gives Harleen a monkey flip and an elbow drop to keep the remote control
You Need a Breath Mint: Implied, considering a green cloud comes out of her mouth every time she belches.

    Star Sapphire (Carol Ferris)
Hal's ex-girlfriend, Carol still pines for him persistently. As Star Sapphire, she wields a Violet Lantern Power Ring, similar to a Green Lantern's, only powered by love instead of will.

Adaptational Modesty: The Star Sapphire Corps' costumes are infamously Stripperific in most depictions. Since she's a teenager in this continuity, Carol is instead dressed like a princess in a pink, poofy gown and tiara, being even more modest than the toned down DC Rebirth Star Sapphires.
Adaptational Villainy: She's a villain, which is more on par with her early silver age comics portrayal than in the previous web-series. She's also this to the comic version of Star Sapphire who's usually Brainwashed and Crazy by the Zamarons or the Star Sapphire gem, while this version already had a few screws loose before getting the violet power ring.
Age Lift: As with most other characters, she's been de-aged from an adult to a teenager.
BFG: Creates one, that shoots explosive hearts, to attack Jess.
Clingy Jealous Girl: In #PictureDaze Carol Ferris literally clings to Hal Jordan as Jessica Cruz futiley tries to remove her.
The Dreaded: To Hal Jordan. The otherwise fearless guy is completely terrified of her.
Dumped via Text Message: Her Freudian Excuse for going off on Hal. Even Jessica gives Hal a What the Hell, Hero? once she hears about it.
Entitled to Have You: Hal Jordan is awesome and her biggest drive in life. If he proves to be otherwise she'll just fix him. If he shows interest in something or someone else she'll remove it or them. The only ways to stop her for any length of time are either to beat her down or for Hal Jordan to relent, apologize and spend time with her.
Full-Name Basis: She refers to Hal and Jessica by their full names at nearly all times. There's no apparent reason for this, other than to make her sound crazier.
Glowing Eyes of Doom: Star Sapphire goes a step further than the eye color change of Green Lantern
Hypocritical Heartwarming: In "#ItsComplicated", she snaps at Jessica for insulting Hal Jordan on the grounds that she believes only herself can be a jerk to Hal.
Love Makes You Crazy: Same deal as the source material; as her love powers the violet Power Ring, it supercharges her love to madness levels.
Murder the Hypotenuse: What she wanted to do before Jess could explain there is not, and never will be, anything between her (Jess) and Hal.
New Transfer Student: In her first appearance she goes to another school, but in later episodes she appears to be a student at Metropolis High. It's likely that when she found out what school Hal went to she transferred just to get closer to him.
NO INDOOR VOICE: Since a manic headspace comes with her power, Carol is constantly SCREAMING as Star Sapphire.
No Sense of Personal Space: Not simply in a physical sense; she doesn't get the idea of boundaries when she and Hal are an item. In "#PictureDaze", she won't stop texting Hal for even a second.
Nothing Nice About Sugar and Spice: Carol is a cheerleader with a love of romance and the color pink, has a supervillain outfit that consists of a frilly pink dress and a tiara, and has love-based powers that manifest in hearts and purple constructs. She's also a Psycho Ex-Girlfriend to Hal who is hellbent on getting revenge on him and murdering anyone who she thinks he might be dating.
Power Born of Madness: She snaps a golf club in two while giving Hal Jordan and Thal Sinclaire a Motive Rant.
Punched Across the Room: Even without her ring she's able to send Hal Jordan across a room with a punch. That was while aiming for Jessica Cruz no less.
Psycho Ex-Girlfriend: She's this to her ex, Hal Jordan. Not that she doesn't have the right to be mad after he broke up with her via text message.
Secret Public Identity: Out of the main villains she is the only one whose civilian identity is public knowledge, at least to Jessica Cruz and Hal Jordan.
Stalker with a Crush: She still harbors feelings for Hal and consistently plans to win him back. It doesn't help that she's a villainess.
<I see you! XOXOXO>
Technicolor Eyes: Has violet eyes, like the Zataras and Lois Lane. It's unclear if hers are natural like theirs, or a result of the Violet Lantern power.
Tiny Tyrannical Girl: She's puny, even for a teenager, but her power and attitude are ginormous!
Too Kinky to Torture: Supergirl subjects the six villain girls to Makeover Torment in #SoulSisters. Star Sapphire's actually likes her new look.
Transformation Trinket: Like Jessica and Hal, she uses her ring to transform.
Verbal Tic: Tends to react to frustrations and slights with a girly gasp or squeak.
Wicked Heart Symbol: Carol Ferris's hair curls into Valentine's hearts when she becomes Star Sapphire. Her constructs also take the shape of hearts.
Woman Scorned: Big time. Even Hal text blocking her is enough to bring down her wrath one second later.
Wrestler in All of Us: During the climax of #ScrambledEggs Carol Ferris puts Tatsu Yamashiro in a half Boston crab.
Yandere: A major one for Hal Jordan. If Carol's not punishing Hal for "toying with her feelings" or trying to forcibly keep him to herself, she's trying to take out the "competition".

    Giganta (Doris Zeul)
A strength-obsessed bully, Doris Zeul tends to pick on the weak, with Karen Beecher as her main target. She turns into Giganta thanks to a serum that lets her grow to massive size.

Adaptational Dumbass: The comic book Doris Zeul is an overachieving geneticist who loses more and more intelligence the larger and larger she becomes. This Doris Zeul doesn't lose any awareness or problem solving ability when she grows but she barely has any of that to begin with. She's still smarter than the Golden Age and Silver Age Gigantas, who had the minds of petulant children due to being mentally ill gorillas turned into human women, but when Golden Age Giganta has her intelligence artificially boosted she gets to keep it, while this Doris Zeul reverts to being an idiot and even loses her memories over how her Evil Plan was supposed to work.
Adaptational Personality Change: Comic Book Doris Zeul is an almost decent human being with an interest in the biological sciences. She is often content to make money legitimately but often can't resist the urge to make a quick buck illegally. Her main issue is that her super powers come from a stolen body Doris refuses to return, with Diana lacking the ability to force her to. If not for that one particular disagreement the two would actually be friends. Comic book Doris in fact "respects" Wonder Woman so much that her torment of Diana's sister Donna was based on her belief Donna was a disgrace to the title. This show's Doris Zeul is an unrepentant bully who pushes people around just to get things she wants more easily or solely to satisfy her amusement. She rages against the world as a super villain out of belief it doesn't have enough respect for her and for the sake of inspiring fear. She also has no interest in academics beyond which drugs can make her stronger.
Adaptational Wimp: This Giganta is more powerful than the Golden Age and Silver Age Gigantas of the comic books, but she's a lot less powerful than the Doris Zeul Giganta seen in the Post Crisis comics, who is The Dreaded to pretty much every mortal in Wonder Woman's book except Wonder Woman herself. However this Doris Zeul suffers less from it than this show's Diana of Themyscira, and thus is one of the few Gigantas who manages to defeat Wonder Woman in their first meeting! Still, this Doris can only change size when she has a specific drug in her system and is sufficiently angry, unlike comic book Doris Zeul, who could change size whenever she wanted and become far larger.
Adaptational Ugliness: She is much more brawny here than her original comic book counterpart. This series has chosen instead to emphasize her role as The Brute (likely because there's already an abundance of attractive females as it is). A Gross-Up Close-Up on her massive hands in "#SheMightBeGiant" doesn't help.
Ambiguously Brown: A first glance at Doris's fair skin probably wouldn't tip-off that this version is half-Black, rather than mildly tanned Caucasian like her web-series counterpart.
Animal Motif: She occasionally crouches on all fours like a gorilla, with the body type to boot; a subtle call-back to her original origins utilizing the primate in some form.
Attack of the 50-Foot Whatever: Typical example for the character, but she's smaller than usual. At the very least, her Giganta persona is double her normal size, and that occasionally changes between scenes. The comic book tie-in and the episode "#WorldsFinest" depicts her closer to her 3-story building stature.
Balloon Belly: She stuffs herself silly at a pie-eating contest to the point that her sweater is riding up her swollen gut. Weirdly enough, she's the only contestant to have this.
Big Eater: Presses and eats up to 5 pies at once in a pie-eating contest, consuming a whopping 94 pies! However, she has a limit, losing to Barry Allen and Diana Prince.
Berserk Button: Calling her "meathead" makes her even more aggressive. On the flipside, implying that she's pretty strong "for a girl" isn't any better.
Borrowed Catch Phrase: "Giganta Smash!"
Broken Ace: Embarrassingly for her, the Lasso of Truth reveals that Giganta's bullying temper spawns from her "overcompensating for deep insecurities rooting from a quest for perfectionism" and "an overpowering fear of not being good enough".
The Brute: For the Super Villain Girls group, mirroring Supergirl's role.
The Bully: She's described as the kind of bully who beats her victim up, in contrast to her teammate Livewire, who takes aim at her victims' emotions.
Dartboard of Hate: She has punching and speed bags with the pictures of The Super Hero Girls on them. She even has a doormat with Batgirl's picture on it that she uses to aggressively wipe her feet.
Disrupting the Theater: Even when Doris Zeul likes a movie she'll ruin it just to spite Karen Beecher.
Dumb Jock: She's a star athlete at school, but her grades aren't the best. Ironically, her parents are both scientists.
Evil Is Bigger: Even without going Giganta, she towers over most of the Super Hero Girls.
Evil Counterpart
Doris Zeul is a star athlete, just like Diana Prince, and both even have gross up close ups of the rougher aspects of their physiques. They both tower over their peers and are both socially awkward. While Diana is protective of those weaker than her, Doris sees such as annoyances or sources of entertainment. While Diana is patiently striving to move more fluidly through the "world of man" Doris is prone to raging and attacking people when her plans hit a snag or someone doesn't understand what she wants.
To Kara Danvers. Both are the tomboy powerhouses of their respective groups with abrasive attitudes, destructive tempers and come from scientifically advanced communities (though they're pretty Book Dumb regardless). Unlike Kara, Doris never feels guilty about exploiting her strength (or shows any evidence of being non-book smart), and Doris's circle of friends bring the worst out of her in villainy.
In addition to being a foil to Karen Beecher due to her personality and powers being the complete opposite of hers, she's also successfully pulled off the "growth" Karen Beecher originally wanted but kept failing to achieve, has a similar taste in food and enjoys the same kind of movies...though Zeul enjoys ruining the movies for Beecher even more than watching them.
Evil Minion: #LetThemEatPie reveals Doris Zeul has three guys who wave flags and acts as her cheerleaders at constests and sporting events. They're not very enthusiastic but do so to avoid her wrath.
Evil Redhead: Her hairstyle is red and bushy, and she has no problem being a general menace.
G-Rated Drug: The serum she uses is an obvious reference to steroids.
Glory Seeker: After gaining the ability to grow in size, Giganta sets out to be the most feared super villain in Metropolis, even taking time to wreak havok in Gotham City at one point.
Growing Muscles Sequence: Happens in "#SheMightBeGiant" when she unleashes her newfound powers for the first time, complete with close-ups of her bulging muscles and growing figure. This also happens during her Transformation Sequence in "#Frenemies".
Growling Gut: Her stomach is near-literally roaring for food during "#CandyCrushed", which has her try and fail to eat the school vending machine's last candy bar.
Hartman Hips: A robust and beefy version of that trope, Doris possesses incredibly thick muscular thighs and childbearing hips more expansive than her own waistline or bust.
Hidden Depths: "#LostAndFound" reveals that she's a bully mainly because of parental neglect and a constant craving for attention, and also that she's very self-aware.
Hulking Out: When a sports store manager repeatedly underestimated Doris's sporting needs while shopping for weights, Doris angrily transforms and rages out in the mall.
Huge Schoolgirl: Appropriately one of tallest females in Metropolis High even when her powers are inactive.
Jerkass to One: Of the 2nd type (crueler to one). She's a massive bitch to all the other girls, but seems meanest to Karen/Bumblebee. Considering what a Nice Girl Karen is, this makes her seem especially bad.
Jerk Jock: Being a star school athlete herself, she balances lifting weights and throwing footballs with bullying puny folks around her school.
Jock Dad, Nerd Son: Inverted. Her parents are scientists while she's a Jerk Jock.
Lightning Bruiser: Once Giganta gets started she is pretty quick, though not as quick as Wonder Woman, who manages to intercept Giganta when she's about to squish Bumblebee and especially not Supergirl, who overwhelms Giganta with her own speed. Still, when the Super Villain Girls decide to make a getaway they opt to just have Giganta carry their car instead of starting it up.
Like Father, Unlike Son: She's nothing like either of her parents, who are very mild-mannered scientists.
Male Gaze: Despite being a meatheaded jock, Doris is surprisingly a reasonably attractive girl with a large rump and very thick muscular legs fitting for a strong athlete like her. She has an unflattering scene for every two that compliment her figure, however
Metronomic Man Mashing: This is how Giganta handles Supergirl in their first fight before she disposes of Supergirl with a Human Hammer-Throw
Muscles Are Meaningful: Her Giganta form's pretty burly, and her strength alone can solo even the comparatively smaller Supergirl and Wonder Woman.
Near-Villain Victory: In one short she accidentally injected the wrong formula and temporarily gained Super-Intelligence, coming within a hairsbreadth of defeating the Super Hero Girls without them even realizing it.
No-Sell: In her first Hulk Out she is unfazed by a punch to the face from Wonder Woman, a bomb from Batgirl and Bumblebee's new stingers, with Supergirl being the only one strong enough to cause Giganta pain.
Psycho Serum: The growth formula she stole from her parents' laboratory. While it does make her "more pumped" for workouts, it also makes her highly susceptible to raging out and growing inhumanly large.
Race Lift: She's bi-racial in this series, being half Caucasian and half black, rather than being fully Caucasian like previous iterations.
The Rival: Leslie Willis says that Doris Zeul has a lame sense of humor and that Leslie's pranks are funnier. Most likely Leslie is deliberately egging Doris on to both laugh as Doris bullies others and at Doris's own irritation with Leslie. Their super villain sides Giganta and Livewire are also prone to fighting without a common goal.
Rogues' Gallery Transplant: All Gigantas have been Wonder Woman villains in DC's "main" comic book continuity but this show's Giganta is more so a villain to Supergirl and Batgirl, while civilian Doris Zeul mostly torments Karen Beecher.
Stone Wall: Giganta's strength is comparable to Wonder Woman's, which means that in this show she isn't quite as strong as Supergirl. However, Giganta's sheer size allows her to gain leverage that leads to Wonder Woman's defeat in their first fight and is much tougher than Supergirl, to the point Wonder Woman can't hurt Giganta with unarmed strikes despite being strong enough to catch Giganta's punches and a hard enough hitter to at least push Supergirl around a little. Supergirl can hurt Giganta a little but ultimately loses when trying to go blow for blow with her due to Giganta just being able to take a lot more.
Strong as They Need to Be: In her debut episode Giganta ties up Wonder Woman, tosses away Supergirl and goes bowling with Batgirl before finally going down after knocking herself silling and falling several stories. #IAmBatGirl sees Giganta get punched out and tied up by Batgirl anticlimactically, even though Wonder Woman's punch was shown to do nothing to Giganta before, Batgirl couldn't hurt Giganta with explosives in their first encounter and Giganta's consistently took multiple from Supergirl before this.
Tomboyish Ponytail: Her civilian look adopts an Afro puff close to hairstyle, but becomes undone when she's Giganta.
Unskilled, but Strong: Giganta can take Livewire's electricity even better than Wonder Woman and Supergirl, but despite practing in boxing Giganta doesn't actually throw a good punch...then again when we see Doris Zeul practicing she quickly Rage Quits after hurting her hand and runs off to get more of her growth formula; Doris probably needs a proper trainer.
Volcanic Veins: Doris Zeul's veins glow orange before she grows into Giganta, and when she as Giganta pec flexes for the cameras while being arrested.

    Livewire (Leslie Willis)
A bully like Doris, Leslie takes to the Internet to embarrass anyone she can get a video of thanks to her social media channel. And she also fights as Livewire with her electrical powers.

Amazing Technicolor Population: As Livewire, she has light blue skin.
Attention Whore: Orchestrating embarrassing moments for her classmates and posting them online? It's all to get more views for her channel. She ups the ante with more embarrassing videos that include all the other Super Hero Girls save Diana, and this leads to more being her "Shock-a-teers".
Bad Influencer: She uses her social media channel to encourage large amounts of people to laugh at other's misfortunes.
Black and Blue and Scary All Over: Favors this as her aesthetic, though the shades of blue differ between forms: her civilian attire is deeper to present her as subdued, while her supervillain self is piercing bright to indicate her true, unstable nature.
The Bully:
Unlike Doris who bullies people through physical intimidation, she goes for people's emotions by humiliating them on social media. She's described as the kind of bully who's "out to kill your soul". Yikes.
However she's also the kind of bully that likes to dish it out, but she can't take it herself. Leslie can't stand getting as good as she gives and when she's on the receiving end of the humiliation she's quick to run away.
Bully Brutality: Most of her "pranks" with her powers are painful but not at all lethal, but she also tries to make an elevator drop two stories. Eventually, she makes a public spectacle out of prolonged electrification of Wonder Woman, which drives away even her most mean-spirited viewers.
Catchphrase: Livewire starts her videos with a bellowing "What up, Metropolis!"
Clark Kenting: Leslie plays absurdly loose with her secret identity, pretending to have given up her show, then immediately stepped back up as Livewire. The letters "L" and "W" were even in her logo before this.
Delinquent Hair: She has a black/blue mohawk as a civilian, which turns three lighter shades of blue when she powers up.
The Dreaded: The Super Hero Girls, except for Wonder Woman, are terrified of her. Especially after the time she humiliated them. It's justified, as Livewire nearly killed Wonder Woman and Supergirl, their two physically toughest members. Multiple different times in the latter's case.
Elemental Speed: Livewire is capable of keeping distance from and even blitzing Supergirl. However, Livewire doesn't have Supergirl's reflexes, taking longer to get up to speed and unable to keep track when Supergirl starts zipping in and out of Livewire's field of vision.
Energy Absorption: For more powerful attacks, she absorbs electricity from the environment.
Evil Counterpart
She's a troll not unlike Kara Danvers, except while Kara's trolling is for her own personal amusement Leslie gets off on public humiliation. Leslie is also willing to cause physical harm, property destruction and even sabotage the work of students and employees. Kara at her worst will only do such things by accident. They both get upset over a hero making front page news over a Cat Up a Tree and harrass Lois Lane about it, but again, Danvers just breaks Lane's pencils while Willis shocks Lane and then tries to kill the hero in question. Also, while Kara tries to teach a reluctant Karen how to dance and offers to help her more when Karen ends up on her face, Livewire forces Bumblebee to do a humiliating dance.
Leslie Willis is a performer not unlike Zee Zatara. When Livewire and Zatanna make back to back big entrances in front of a live crowd they both get an equal amount of cheers...though this is before people know Livewire is willing to commit murder for a cheap laugh.
Livewire makes use of blue electricity to contrast Bumblebee's yellow.
Fan Community Nickname: In-Universe — she addresses her followers as "Shocketeers".
Fangs Are Evil: Not Leslie, but Livewire inexplicably has them.
Growling Gut: Her belly growls twice while she's fighting Giganta for the last candy bar in "#CandyCrushed".
Hate Sink: Leslie is not a nice person at all, as she relishes in Kick the Dog moments as shown in her debut episode.
Hell-Bent for Leather: She's a vicious bully and decked out all in studded leather.
If It Bleeds, It Leads: Leslie tries to cause an elevator to crash so she could post it online.
Involuntary Dance: She turns Bumblebee's suit against her and forces Bumblebee to disco.
Knight of Cerebus: She's one of the more dangerous villains in the show. Not only does she rival Giganta as the most powerful member of the Super Villain Girls, being able to be on par with all six Super Hero Girls, but is also the most evil of the team. Heck, her debut episode is also one of the scariest too.
Lack of Empathy: Thinks dropping an elevator full of people is funny and worth recording.
Large Ham: Leslie is a media personality. She's obnoxiously loud and likes to squeeze in puns, especially when on camera.
Laser-Guided Karma: Which leads to a final confrontation in Glen Morgan Square. Diana confronts Livewire, and she gets zapped. Once it becomes obvious, however, this isn't just a simple humiliation, it stops being funny. And the others, starting with Kara, show up to defend Diana against Livewire. Livewire's Energy Absorption powers up the ante with each new attempt, even draining Metropolis for a few minutes. But when the Girls still stand, together, Leslie tries one more time—only to find out she's got no power to draw from, and she's out of power. Which in turn leads to her Humiliation Conga as others snap pictures of her, and the assembled folks cheering the Girls victory over Livewire. The news piece Leslie reads the next day shows how Livewire got her comeuppance at the hands of the Girls. This leads to her followers splitting in droves to a new site: one with the Girls in videos being cute with cats they rescue. The kicker? There are FIFTY MILLION followers, with the joke "Wonder Woman breaks the Internet!!!" causing Leslie to scream "Seriously!?!" loud enough to be heard outside Metropolis.
Lean and Mean: Rail thin, and easily one of the most obnoxiously cruel villains in the show.
Malicious Misnaming: She likes to call people insulting variants of their names, like addressing Lois Lane as "Lois Lame" and Wonder Woman as "Wonder Whiner" or "Wonder Weenie".
Moral Myopia: Leslie can dish it out but she can't take it. She's all for laughing at others' humiliation, but has thin skin for when anybody laughs at her.
Mythology Gag: Livewire uses some of the same puns and insults as Purrsia, especially when addressing Wonder Woman. Livewire even tries to get Catwoman, another cat themed thief in purple, to use more puns.
Power Incontinence: Livewire's powers start acting on their own after she's splashed with coffee, nearly killing the people she's supposed to be performing for.
Psycho Electro: Livewire celebrates on camera when it appears that she killed Supergirl. While Livewire goes on to release a libelous book claiming she did the world a favor, Livewire's all too eager to kill a "new" more beloved hero with seemingly none of Supergirl's negative personality traits just to take away the happiness of the people praising this Superior Successor.
Pungeon Master: Leslie's much like Kara in this regard, except Leslie's team is much more receptive to Leslie's puns, even though they're every bit as bad.
Ride the Lightning: Livewire can turn into electricity to travel through, and take over electronic devices. She's even escaped through cell phones, as apparently she can travel through wifi.
Right-Hand Cat: Not normally present, but pictured on the cover of How I Did It sitting her with a fur-on-end cat on her lap.
The Rival: Leslie's tormenting of targets is far more sophisticated than Doris's, and part of that is Leslie enjoying watching Doris bully others while pushing her to be more extreme and laughing at Doris's annoyance for being called lame. Livewire's not above picking a fight with Giganta either, despite being on the same team.
Rogues' Gallery Transplant: Downplayed: Livewire's debut episode is Wonder Woman focused, but after that most Livewire heavy episodes are Supergirl focused, and as a Superman villain in the comic books that's as close as one can reasonably expect for this show.
Sadist: Nothing's funnier to her than the pain and humiliation of others.
Shock and Awe: She's an electrically-based villain, like her DC comic book counterparts.
Technopathy: Livewire generates enough electricity to power Batgirl's scooter and send it chasing after her. Livewire can even make the machine pop a wheelie, somehow.
Troll: She uses a social media channel to embarrass and bully her victims.
Villain Decay: She started off as one of, if not, the toughest villain the Super Hero girls as none of them were able to land a hit on her and only "win" by sheer coincidence. Come her next appearance, Livewire is more dependent on others and when she appears on her own, Supergirl gets the better of her.
Villain Song: "A Million Volts," featured in "#ShockItToMe." It's all about how much she loves tormenting people.
